that's it we're in motion Nikki Glaser
aka Marshalls new best friend oh nice to
hear yeah you definitely as new but
really for sure didn't you see but I
feel like he likes everyone does like
everyone okay he likes you right now for
sure he likes you yes jumped all over
you it was so awesome I love him I
needed it so bad is a rare dog he is
weird right it's instantly like he
looked I told you when he came in you I
didn't hadn't even seen you yet and he
just saw me and it's like we met our
eyes met across the room and he just
like found it towards me it felt so good
he runs to you like you're his best
friend yeah like he's I can see you
again yes and forever like I just got
back from war and he's my child
licking my face just so excited ah yeah
I start to whimper in believer here it's
so and you let you just hug him yeah
I've never had a golden before golden
retriever they're like the nicest dogs
of all time I've only had mutts that
we've collected from the Humane Society
that didn't you know that are abused and
Danny lucky with them yeah I'm good
lucky but so good and what you were
talking about your dog didn't want you
to touch it for a year
that was my dog oldest daughter had this
little tiny dog it was part chihuahua
and part Australian sheep Australian
herd dog Shepherd dog forget what this
but it was very much like a chihuahua a
very small dog and he was terrified of
me fucking a year wouldn't let me come
anywhere near him like come on do it I'm
telling you I love dogs and it really
wasn't until we got Marshall and then he
saw me with a little tiny puppy it's
like oh this dude is alright and then
like he wanted to play with Marshall so
he got close to me and then I pet his
head and then next thing you know he's
hopping in my lap and then you know
after that he would just run to me and
like literally jump in my arms yeah it's
in that super rewarding to like see that
change and see when a dog finally
accepts love and it's just been abused
it's just beautiful it's sad though when
you like what happened to you like why
are you scared of men I would kill to
know what happened to my rescue dogs
that I gave to my parents but I had them
for two years I've had quite a few dogs
in my life that were rescue dogs and
some one was one of the
once I ever had a friend of a friend
found it eating at a garbage cans and
she was covered in mange like her like
half her body was like hairless it was
really sad yeah but she was a really
sweet dog was tough to tell old she was
she looked like she was like 2 or 3 yeah
and I took her in and like within like a
month she had all her hair back she was
fully plumped up yeah
and that was like the nicest dog like
she was like nice dogs have ever had
yeah it's my dog that I got bit me on
the first day and drew blood and I was
just like I'm getting rid of this thing
this isn't gonna last I was just
fostering it yeah and then it switched
at some point it it loved me and I like
learned how to love I just like went in
too soon and it just was a it was abused
before it came with this whole backstory
of like it might the rescue people told
me it was found in an alley behind a
Pizza Hut and he was living off Pizza
and a kid tried they did this whole
story I think a lot of rescue places
make up stories you're like more
inclined to get these things because
they come with the story because I
checked later on to be like which Pizza
Hut was it because I wanted to bring
Luigi my dog back to the Pizza Hut it
came from just to see if it like
remember TSD I kind of wanted and she
goes I think that was just a story we
made I was like oh come on they make up
stories that's so dirty because it moves
dogs man yeah whatever they can do to
move those dogs give him names give him
a story he slept on a pizza crust as a
pillow you know like just any kind of
thing that makes them did you know that
PETA
kills thousands of dogs but I've heard
any time I post anything about PETA I
have a bunch of people saying they're
the worst well they're not the worst but
what they are is they're the the origins
of PETA is the Animal Liberation
Organization the the origins of PETA the
people that originally founded PETA
believe that all animals including pets
should be free they don't believe in
domesticated animals okay and well
that's preposterous he's having a great
time yeah being a pet is the
I have actually said if I could be
reincarnated it would be a rich person's
golden retriever I've said that I didn't
realize your dog is what I want to come
back at it's the best life the best life
that dog is only known love yeah what
stress happens in that dog's life
occasionally he can't go out like if I'm
injured or something like that for like
weeks at a time but PETA kills animals
because they think that their policy is
that it's you're more free to be dead
than you are
I don't know well I don't want to put
words number I think that's it they
definitely kill animals but they kill
them quick that's the thing they're not
out there trying to find owners for them
oh that's the knock on them the knocking
the Animal Liberation Organization I
mean they've like broken into like
they're the type of people that like
break into fucking supermarkets and
release the lobsters back to the ocean
be free be free my time into it Joe are
you I'm into it I'm a total vegan I know
you're leading her I know you are but
those lobsters have always made me so
sad why they're bugs do you swat
mosquitos I rarely kill bugs when
mosquitoes are fucking you up you just
let him please divinely eat me drink of
my blood no you or me now I am you and
if you give me malaria then so be it I
just
okay maybe not like I'm not crazy okay I
come over to your house your house is
filled with roaches I hand you bug spray
do you use it um yes because roaches
roaches can fuck although I did have an
instance and this is true I was in the
shower and I was it was having I get
really vegan and really when I'm
depressed I get more vegan than ever
it's like what throws me and do it
I'm just feeling too much and then I
feel for every animal and it just gets
out of control so if I'm ever you know
going off about vegan propaganda on my
Instagram someone should check in on me
I'm in a dark place yes and one day I
was in the shower and there was a dying
house centipede like drowning the
grossest bug known to man like it's
there's half centipede half spider
they're disgusting they've I don't hate
anything more than
creature and I was like you know what I
can't kill it I want to save it and just
take it outside and I'll like tell my
vegan front like I'll be like such a
good vegan today so I got out of the
shower and like he went you get out of
the shower and you think you're just
like you just don't need a towel I'm
just gonna grab something and you like
traipse like a lazy river throughout
your house because there's I did that
made a huge mess get a paper towel come
back and pick it up and I'm so scared to
do it and I and I like I'm so proud of
myself too I can't wait to fucking tell
the vegans and I open and I'm so scared
because I want to see if it's still
alive and it was a clump of pubes
it wasn't even um oh yeah so I but which
looks exactly mine your pubes it that
dark eye yeah dude yeah this is all
bottle it's a bottle a battle yeah I
mean they're not like dark dark but
centipedes how centipedes are like
blonde they're kind of like dirty blocks
you know that hair bleach is not vegan
right listen what I said that shit
listen I know but there's so many time
not a perfect vegan and I don't claim to
be but um I love the idea of veganism I
love the idea that you love animals and
I want to cause harm I love the idea
just the practical application and the
health implications just that doesn't
sit with me
really yeah protein well it's not
protein it's there's a lot of different
things that you get from animals omega
fatty acids from grass-fed animals and
salmon and things like that that are
just choline which is very difficult to
get outside of animal products b12 very
difficult to get outside of animal
products okay my problem with I don't
care if you hunt I don't care if you are
on a farm and the animals are treated
well it's just all about how you check
that before factory farming is my big
issue ninety percent of all my meat I
kill myself
that's what that's why when people's you
know they often cite you as like is it a
cool of Joey it's me I'm like yes
because he's hunting at all also if I
shoot if I shoot like two animals I eat
them the whole year like I can't they
animals yeah elk or deer like if I eat a
deer I'll eat that for four months like
for four months that's cool I'm fine
with that
and I feed my dog it my dog eats mostly
raw elk me really yeah it's one of the
reasons why he's so healthy yeah it gets
I mean
dog food is horseshit like what the fuck
is my animal dicks and assholes all
ground up that dog eats elk
he eats mostly elk you can tell he's
super healthy he's beautiful but yeah I
mean that's the problem I had also a
murderer yes I was a squirrel murderer
you got him anywhere near a squirrel and
everything changes yeah his little eyes
are rolled back in his head and they go
black he's caught sound like a shark he
has and then he eats that for four
months he'll enough that's okay no he
doesn't even eat him just for some up
comes back inside he wants you to see
takes pictures he yeah yeah scroll his
mouth you with that dog let me just say
iPhone you have the best your happiness
like comes out in your face so like when
you smile it's not a fake smile your
selfies with that dog after a hike I
love them so much I'm so happy I am he's
my buddy you're so happy you are right
yeah I'm pretty happy I want to come
back as you reincarnated complicated it
is it's been a long time to water me you
know yeah people don't be certain
whatever you you don't want to be me
you're a woman it would be so crazy it
seems pretty good I think so seems
pretty great to be Joe Rogan I mean I
mean what is the downside of being you I
really want to know if you if someone
was interested in becoming you what are
some were some warnings you give them
yeah otherwise the demons will catch you
catch you but you love working out yeah
I love working out for two reasons one
because it makes me feel good and two
because I don't want the demons to catch
me what are these demons demons
tell me anger anger demons yeah most men
of anger demons because most men have a
certain amount of work there's a
requirement that your body has in terms
of like the expenditure of energy
if you don't meet that requirement you
get antsy and then you get agitated when
you see people flipping people off in
traffic and going fucking crazy and Road
ragin what do you think that is for most
people it's this this like excess of
energy losing out like an overflowing
battery and they don't know what to do
with it hmm you know and if you have any
sort of a history of violence or extreme
like like combat sports or contact
sports like football or anything
athletic that's involving a lot of
aggression like that's sort of
inherently a part of who you are and
then where do you put that when you're
not doing that exactly exercise that
shit out yeah you were talking about
this with the other day with the boys
talking about sober October about how
when you work out you don't your do it
when you were last October doing five
hours a day on a treadmill or whatever
the hell you were doing you had you
couldn't feel anything afterwards there
was some kind of residual you were
talking I didn't even comprehend it
because I've never worked out that much
we were talking about how nothing
bothers nothing bothers nothing nothing
because you're so tired
no no because I'm not that that's the
crazy thing is you get in really good
shape
hmm and then you're not that it's not
that you're that tired it's just that
you're even like all that you're the way
you process things there's no like wow
who the fuck was this guy think he is
there's none of that none of that it's
like someone flips you off on look at
that guy flipping me off and like
registers zero it doesn't mean that you
don't love things or get passionate
about things but all the internal
negative chatter is gone all of it all
of the all the pitfalls and
psychological traps that your your mind
will lay for you if you don't give it a
lot of activity if you don't occupy it I
think that's a lot of what people go
through in their life with anxiety with
all sorts of different issues I think we
have like human reward systems that are
built in that that helped us survive
from the fucking caveman days and those
are still a part of our DNA and if those
athletic requirements or physical
movement requirements aren't met your
body just gets agitated it just like
fucking it just wants to do something
Jesus Christ and you're just watching TV
and then you know and then your
neighbor's dog is barking like we shut
that fucking thing up
it's just releasing that energy you
would have been releasing if by
gathering nuts or whatever something
physical anything for fucking hiking
anything yeah that's why people are
happier and healthier when they use
their body it's just it's not as simple
as like a people like look at it like
intelligent people unfortunately a lot
of them look at it like it's a vanity
thing and they don't want to be caught
up in a vanity thing so they don't care
about their body but it's not that your
but you are your body they're
inseparable your mind is a part of your
body your body is a part of your mind
it's all together but what about your
thoughts how do you what are your
feelings on thoughts what am i feelings
on your like for me thoughts are what
caused all of the anxiety and all of the
depression and all of the anger it's not
having control of my thoughts it's
letting my thoughts control me and as
soon as I learn meditation and the idea
that my thoughts were not me and that
they were these external things that I
could choose to either indulge in or bat
away right then I was able to really
gain like a hold over my anxiety and
depression that I had not before when I
thought my thoughts were just like oh
I'm thinking this thought it's true it's
me I created it let me keep going with
it yeah do you do you feel like what how
do you don't you think meditation helps
you with your anger also for sure for
sure but it's not it's not like anger
like I'm just randomly angry walking
around things I just have my physical
requirements yes your money you want
some fake beer it's so zero I can't
yeah I mean I don't drink and this is
absurd to me that I would have a beer
it's a fake beer it's not like I don't
miss the taste of alcohol what no who
misses that no one would drink alcohol
if it didn't get you effed up I would
drink these it is good really yeah I
love it
this tastes like the st. Louis funnybone
which is a great taste it does it tastes
like the st. Louis funnybone 2009 living
my best slow when was the last time you
drank 2011 December 9th
Cleveland hilarities after the show
you're like I'm done I well I just had a
couple beers to close out the evening
was by myself just gonna go you're
shooting heroin I don't know what
happened I I well I was at a point in my
life where it was like this has gotta
stop because my hangovers were getting
so ridiculous and debilitating for a
whole day and I was just doing you know
I would black out from like two drinks
because my mind
John Mulaney has a great joke about it
where he says he would black out very
quickly after a couple drinks cuz his
mind was like we know where this is
going shutting down early like if you
know it's gonna be you're gonna black
out your brain just blacks out earlier
right cuz every time I drink I would
black out so wow I just I woke up that
morning and I had only had a it wasn't a
hard night of drinking couple beers but
I was just the sickest I've ever been
and the thing about hangovers that I
really had to look at was like the best
part about being sick if you're gonna
find the best part about being sick it's
that people feel sorry for you give
babies a little bit you get a nurturing
from your friends and family that you
don't get when you're healthy but when
you're hungover no one gives you that so
you're sick and you don't even get the
only good thing about being sick which
is people feeling sorry for you
everyone's like you piece of shit you
did this to yourself
so I was like in the shower Anna in the
fetal position thinking this is how I
should feel if I'm dying like I really
don't want to feel this bad unless I am
on my way out so I'm not doing this
anymore and I read a book and when I was
done what was the book that use the way
to stop drinking by Alan Carr what's the
easy way easy way is you read this book
and then you're done at the end of it
and what he does
well I'd used his method to stop smoking
the easy way to stop smoking by Alan
Carr so many people have read it it's
the one book that when you've tried
everything else nothing else works this
book my mom quit smoking after 35 plus
years know so many of my friends I heard
about it I think like Ellen DeGeneres
and Ashton Kutcher I heard a bunch of
celebrities kind of talking about it I
read the book and you can smoke while
you read it and then by the end of the
book he just promises you he goes go
have a cigarette and you're just like no
I don't want to and I don't need to
his method is and this thing he does
with drinking any excuse you have to do
that thing he talks you out of it he
tells you a reason why your excuse is
actually bullshit and there's no science
behind it that and he he disproves any
reason that you have to do it and we've
been brainwashed by tobacco and alcohol
industries to believe that quitting is
really hard and quitting alcohol is hard
if you have an addiction you can like
die from it obviously but with tobacco
it's part of their propaganda to tell
you that it's hard to quit smoking
they're the ones pushing that must
method or a message which seems like why
would they tell people it's hard but
they're doing that because if it's hard
you won't quit so that has been their
message to be like it's so hard to quit
smoking it's so hard when really it's
not the huh no the the withdrawal
symptoms of not smoking lasts up to two
weeks I think it's less than I think
it's like seven to eleven days and the
discomfort caused by wanting a cigarette
is the same discomfort as being a little
bit hungry you're a little bit annoying
it's like it's not insurmountable it's
it's uncomfortable but it's it passes
after seven to eleven days I think it is
and then it's all even when you're going
through it it's not that bad but it's
it's the psychological effect of
thinking it's hard that makes it then
hard mmm so once he proves to you it's
not that hard and any excuse you have to
smoke which is like it calms me down um
it raises your blood pressure so that's
inaccurate it makes me more social
actually it isolates you you know if you
really look at it every time you smoke
you feel kind of bad people think you
staying like it just every excuse you
have and then he did it with drinking
too I went through this book I read it
you can drink while you read the book
you have to want to quit to pick up the
book you have to want to be like I want
this out of my life I don't know how to
get it out of my life and I gave this
book to so many of my friends and my
friends don't drink anymore and a lot of
them you know use program or other
things to supplement but all I needed
was this book and I was done and I'll
tell you I drank every single night of
my life and I never thought I could live
without it it was just I was just like
anyone listening that's like no no no
you don't understand all my friend
drink it's my life it's my social life
it's my work life it was everything to
me it's all I look forward to yeah I'll
never go like this when my friend enters
a bar again like I'll never do that
I will never greet a friend with she's
here yes yes yes that's that you that
was me that was like that's something I
miss I'll never have that kind of to
drink enthusiasm anymore but because I
don't drink
I am fucking killing it my life changed
I can trace my careers before and after
like on the dot hmm so you know it's not
for everyone if you have a problem you
should maybe look into it but that book
seriously changed my life that sounds
amazing
and there was no like difficulty in
quitting none
it really was easy I never maybe a
couple times I felt like hah I'd be nice
to have a drink you know I was dating a
guy that like just wanted to have a
glass of wine with me and I'm like well
I can't I just have a glass of wine and
I've been tempted and I don't think that
I would go off the deep end again but
but but I don't I just I go back to that
book and I'm just like I just any reason
I can give myself it's just really it
isn't true and I'm better without it
well it's definitely not true if you're
drinking it every night and you're
blacking out yeah but if you just have a
cup of glass of wine with dinner it
feels nice oh I know lubricant you have
fun with friends start laughing and
joking around but you don't have that
ability to stop there is that I could
for a few months and then it would
trickle into exactly the voice you at
every people are listening and I know
you relate to this of you go I'm just
gonna have to tonight but then that
person and you go promise yourself
you're just gonna have to but then you
get that voice drunk and that voice is
like have another come on you can't talk
to yours you can't plan for how you're
gonna feel two drinks in because you get
drunk and then you it just keeps going
you miss it man even I have a bit about
that about drunk driving the problems
not the problems not whether or not you
can drive drunk the problem is even
thinking you can drive drunk
when you're drunk you don't know what
the fuck you can do or can't do yeah I
think that's why guys get in fights of
people way bigger than them when they're
drunk and they don't even know how to
fight you're you're stupider yeah when
you're drunk you're a fucking moron when
you're drunk so the idea that you could
drive drunk like I'm fine
like you don't even know if you're fine
that's the problem yes the problem is
you're drunk and that's a big part of
the book is talking to people about this
liquid courage that everyone cites I
mean link
I think because I can't go onstage if I
don't have a drink I need a drink to
talk to the girl and it's not courage
what you're doing is you're making
yourself more stupid you're actually
making yourself more I don't know know
if the word is correct but more you're
retarding yourself mm-hmm
and you're making yourself more mentally
disabled careful throwing around that
artwork
I know sure seriously on this show it's
a that's a real term retarding and even
retarded it has nothing to do with down
syndrome has nothing to do with disease
right and we've got a problem with that
word yes country I can't I'm not going
to a movie the R word but I can call a
mental state the R word that's cool um
what about a movement that's retarding
growth yeah movement retarding the
masses retarding would not retarded you
you won't say retarded so strangely we
can say pussy cat but we can't say pussy
imagine it was like a cunt bird you know
what I mean and like you could say cunt
bird and everybody's like okay that's
what someone called me before we'll get
us demonetized from YouTube before you
to Jamie isn't that what you said do you
say what they say I've heard someone
said the word and that's the reason
c-word
they said the word two and a half hours
into the podcast so the entire podcast
was demolish what yeah we should go back
and beep it see if they change it go
back and play okay Connie I love that
word right word I feel empowered by that
word if someone calls me a Contin like
really yeah you know why for the same
reason when people were saying Hillary
was a crook I was like good Oh
a bad person I don't even care like I'm
just like yeah we can do it all I feel
like there's women that aren't crooks
that don't know if you're gonna have a
woman president let's have one that's
not a murdered look yeah cool yeah the
first one was like impeccable but I'm
just saying when people were saying that
argument I was like good I don't even
fucking care
I'd like I like a strong just a woman
doing things that men normally do I love
it you know that's the same kind of
argument that people use for Trump what
do you mean when they say he's an
asshole and he's a thief who cares fuck
it he's a man yeah yeah yeah he's not a
politician he's not a man she's a crook
at least she's not a man to do it too
yeah yeah that's a good ok team team in
town okay I don't like that okay I take
it back
but I did have that feeling like the
word cunt though I just don't if someone
calls me a cunt I'm like wow I really
like spoke up that tells me I'm doing
something right
the real problem is words it's not the
real problem is people have intent their
intent is the same no matter what noise
comes out of their mouth words are just
conveying intent when you make words
Banna ball outlaw words you're playing a
fool's game that's a fool's game because
all words are supposed to be as tools
that convey intent you can't say that
that word is exactly the same every
times it's used without without regard
to the context yeah that's crazy because
you could say that to your friend and
you could both be laughing and love each
other like you could say you're fucking
crazy cunt and she's like ah and you
both fall on the ground howling laughing
up no one got hurt at all or you could
say it to your mom and it'll cut deep
don't hurt her deeply and then it's
awful it's an awful use of the word
because you're just conveying your
thoughts and your intent it's not a
fucking sound that you make with your
mouth it's the problem the problem is
the way people treat each other and this
stupid game that people play where they
outlaw certain words or ban certain
words or D monetize YouTube videos for
certain words that is a fool's game
stand right here a child you're playing
a child's game and history will not be
kind to you you will you'll be looked at
as a fucking buffoon that's a fact
well buffoon we'll probably be a word in
five years that you will get in trouble
for using right now I'm just thinking
what words now are we using that are
gonna get us canceled in five years
people of color really you think people
of color is gonna that's the that's the
that's the mode is that okay when you
can't say colored interesting impossible
interest nonsense what nonsense
yeah you can don't beat the fuck out of
you but if you say people of color
they'll go okay cool
whoa what are you a baby what are we
doing here
this is nonsense yeah it's foolish I'm
scared we're all people of color like
what color are we
you know I'm darker than you yeah and
you're probably darker than bill burr
what the fuck what are we doing what are
we doing it's crazy
are you worried ever I mean you're your
own you can't get cancelled I'm my own
boss that helps a lot and I'm nice I
know I'm nice I'm always nice I'm nice
to everybody even if you don't disagree
with me I'll talk to you like I'm I work
hard on being nice it means a lot to me
it means a lot for me to have good
experiences with people you are nice and
I think people are extremely intimidated
by you as was i but in the end really
really nice what do you mean you have to
work hard on it I work hard on being
nice I mean I think was there time that
you weren't nice in your life when I was
young
yeah I was very mean yeah but that was
because it was competing in martial arts
all the time was involved in violent
things but you should have been like you
said before that should have been
getting it out of your system and then
you would have been playing I was
competing it was before I was doing
comedy yeah I was competing all the time
it was mine
and also I wasn't I was too young to
understand like what was important and
what wasn't important so my my eyes were
entirely unsuccess at all costs I just
wanted to dominate
I just wanted to figure out a way to win
always and so I was just mean like you
know I was and I would enjoy hurting
people and that's what I was doing when
I was knocking people out I would enjoy
it but I liked it because they were
trying to do it to me what about comedy
haven't you approached it the same way
No you don't care about I mean you've
you've achieved everything that one can
achieve doing come like what does have
to do with being mean no I mean like you
want you got off on being the best you
needed to compete you you would you know
I just try to do my best at common hmm I
just try to do my best yeah you're not
looking I'm not trying to be first of
all I think that like awards or rankings
or anything like that when it comes to
art is ridiculous like the this is the
Emmy award-winning movie this is the
Oscar award-winning this this is the
fucking the Grammy Award winning song
like shut the fuck up what you're doing
is this is a business and the business
is getting people to see who's number
one and so all these advertisers pay to
watch the show or to promote on the show
and people watch it I wonder who's gonna
win best album of the year like it's
crazy there's a million great albums
every year how many thousands of albums
are out and how many people subjectively
look at those albums and say god this
one really moved me this one spoke to me
in a dark time yeah this one really
picked up me up at the gym this I
fucking love this one it reminds me of
my husband or my wife and this is you
know the idea that one is better than
the other it's like it's so subjective
it's crazy you're right I mean Liz owes
album came out in 2016 and everyone
slept on it until this year so you're
absolutely right even know who she was
until I saw her dancing around on some
award show I'm like that one where she
busted out the flute like her vagina
where it amazing she's lit I didn't want
to let I didn't want to like it
so much power so much power she's got so
much energy sexy like I was just like
turned on by the whole thing I really
did you got turned on I just get like if
she grabbed you by the bag and just
stuffed you in there you'd be all good
stuff to me down in her vagina yeah kind
of ilysm would go down on Liz Oh would
you a hundred percent and I've never
gone down on a girl although it is kind
of on my bucket list it's on your box I
want to be able to say I've done it it's
not something I crave but I'm going to
do it what some point of my life good
luck ladies whoever you are I have my
I on a couple yeah I'm happy no uh it's
it's weird cuz I like do you not have
like a male gaze do you what do you mean
like you have your eye on them well the
guy has his eye on a girl he'll be
creepy if the girls not into it like oh
Jesus here comes this oh right oh here
comes Nikki trying to eat my pussy again
I test the waters and I'm like have you
ever like done anything with a girl cuz
I've never even done anything with a
girl's so I mean I made out with my
girlfriends in high school but that was
before I even kissed a boy and I just
wanted to kissed I just want to try it
yeah but since then never fooled around
with a girl but there's some that I'm
just like I can't help that I'm I'm
attract and I not I don't consider
myself gay but I'm on the spectrum
somewhere I'm on then I could do it it
recently I've been like yeah I need to I
need to need to get in there eat some
puss
woo because I've never done it and I
expect men to do it to me right I think
I should understand what it's like and
um and be able to empathize and no guy
thinks that is straight about sorry oh
yeah I know I know
hmm maybe I should suck a couple dicks
are just cuz you could see what that's
like just tastes just lick your own
finger if you get some come on it just
to experience it yeah maybe maybe but
what else is on your bucket list
um I think that's it and I really hope
that I get this accomplished before I'm
like dying and like 88 or something in
my grandkids have to like find a nurse
to squat over my fucking bed like one
thing or like you're old and rich and
successful some lady does not want you
eat ur pussy but she does want a Gucci
bag I'll definitely be able to buy that
bitch a Gucci bag my face will look like
one at that point yeah
bucket list do you have any bucket list
things no no no you've already done them
all yeah I don't have anything
everything I'm doing I like to keep
doing I would like to be in a I would
like to be in love and loved back as
much as I love I would like to be in a
loving relationship at some point it
doesn't have to last forever but I I
know that sounds like sounds good
yeah and I don't think it's it might not
happen and I'm okay with that I wouldn't
have
young whoa all right you could I could
totally die young yeah we get all that
we could all get hit in the head by a
meteor right now come right do something
good at the an earthquake like yeah and
then I would die without having a pussy
pussy in my mouth or love in my heart
loving you never be in a relationship
with a woman
yeah probably really yeah I mean I
really want a relationship with a man
first
usually takes around with a dog collar
on your neck I mean I don't want to be a
sex slave I only in the bedroom do I
wanna I don't want to be one out and
about not as sexy but in the bedroom
yeah I'm down to be again slave does
this woman wrote me recently because she
knows that I'm into like bondage and
somebody I saw that on your Instagram
yeah yeah it truly is I mean I I like it
because it is forced laziness like I say
in my joke like it you can't do anything
to a guy like and by the way it's not
that they don't like doing things to men
it's just that I feel like I'm not good
at a lot of those things I've bad rhythm
so like jerking guys or like sucking
dick I just I'd rather you do it to me
sucking dick makes sense it's really
hard for a guy to suck his own dick but
jerking off I used to have a joke about
it like having a girl jerk you off like
trying to brush your teeth with your
left hand hilarious no matter what it's
like you can't do it right yes if you
ever try to brush your teeth my right
hand knows where everything so trail my
right hand just fucking cuz yeah it
knows yes that's why I like when guys
grab my head and just just like take
take take though take the wheel take the
way you don't know what you want hmm but
I'm getting better at it but I'm trying
I've had to like give some blowjobs just
out of like I need to practice when a
girl can jerk you off of a girl jerked
you off she's really good at you like
Jesus how many guys you jerk we can't
win can we he'll no you can't no no you
can win you just go now
I felt really good thank you for
acknowledging it no hand jobs I just
well I feel like fingering to like girls
probably are like way better at finger
no get in there
I love being fingered God is the best I
love it you know different girls and
guys girls have smaller hands like thick
fingers like a Mason good guy who is a
bricklayer get him up there get them all
up there I don't mind it I just like it
because it just I've never enjoyed
masturbation with my own hand because I
feel like it's like tickling myself like
this does not make me laugh but if
anyone did that to me a good guy you
know it just I can predict my own
movements oh I don't what about toys I
do use toys but I and I talked about one
of my special particularly that's
amazing that sucks your clit by the way
your special is out right now right now
by man or Netflix right now right now
banging banging yeah yeah good name yeah
thank you thanks a lot and I appreciate
that I worked really hard on it I wanted
to call it fucking men because it's
about like fucking men but it's also
like about fucking men but Netflix was
like no that's we want children to watch
I'm like chill children I mean they were
just like it's gonna make it so like
children well not children but it might
be more censored to different
demographics of our audience and like
well the people that couldn't handle
that title shouldn't be watching it
anyway right but whatever I'm glad
banging works and also I'm going on tour
I just want to say I'm going on tour
January for my first theater tour the
banging out tour and tickets are on sale
and I really want people to go because
it's gonna be all new material anyway
very excited when did you film I filmed
in May in May
oh that's a good time yeah and I filmed
another special 20 minutes special for
the degenerates on Netflix that comes
out at in December damn look at you an
hour and a twenty-minute one yeah oh
you're crazy yeah I got a lot of
material man I'm just on the people go
you stuff so much material it's like if
I didn't there'd be something wrong I'm
on I perform every night I would be so
bored if I wasn't cranking it out that's
the key right yes it is but last time I
was here we went on over all your notes
ever I think about you all the time
because I'm like I need
to organize my jokes better and go over
them and I just I just can't do it
I just but I'm gonna try I'm gonna start
I want it well why couldn't you be that
cutting there's absolutely yeah I could
may I know but but it's you know it
would help right yeah it would help or
no but I'm killing it as is look at you
you know what I mean like why fix
something that ain't broke like yeah my
I could be better than that's the thing
no one will ever know how good I could
be if I actually tried as hard as I cuz
I don't try as hard as I can if you work
so hard and I'm like you don't
understand how much I'm not working like
I don't write down any joke it's all a
one word in my notes I don't go I don't
listen to old sets the only reason I
record sets I record every set it's so
that if I die tragically that my parents
can use my recordings and like make
money from like my lost tapes
I truly I gave my parents my cellphone
password so they can get in there and
get them money off me you know who I
hear is a fucking crazy hard workers
Michelle wolf oh dear god yes I heard
she writes two hours every day I can't
even be around her because she's always
talking about jokes and writing and it
makes me insecure about not writing
enough hilarious
if you do it your way yeah it's it's all
about how much time and focus you put on
stand-up and there's probably a point of
no return like or diminishing returns
where you too much work into it and it
feels flat and stale yes or overwriting
mm-hmm I'm sure there were a couple
jokes I did on the degenerates taping
that were brand new and I just did them
not because I needed to but because I
was like these are more exciting to me
than my old stuff let me just do it and
then the next weekend I go on the road
and the joke becomes even better I have
more tags or whatever but then a week
after that I'm like it's even better
I've added more and it's not better the
first version of it was always the best
and I'm glad I put that down because
sometimes it gets too convoluted and you
get away from the I'm glad I got some of
that stuff out there because sometimes
the first time you say it is sometimes
sometimes most of the time for me it
gets better mostly time for me I get
better version
okay the only the only time that changes
is when something is like really current
like something happens that day and I go
on stage about it that day right right
yeah yeah the first time you say
something is usually like you have the
most energy for it in a second because
you know it already killed once and then
the second is usually about me it's the
process always is getting the bit
tighter and better it always gets better
I've never it's very rare that I have a
bit and it's really good in the
beginning and then after a few months I
it flattens out usually just the tags
get better yeah tighten it up but
especially we doing a lot of sets you
get a sense of how it works how it
doesn't work as long as you're still
feeling the feelings that you felt when
you wrote it because that's when it can
if you couldn't be doing an old really
long time and then you're like I'm just
not even this person where this came
from anymore yeah but Bill Cosby I
remembered him on that comedian
documentary saying that he writes a joke
and he adds like one word and then as
soon as it gets not funny he takes that
word out and goes back to like and but
he was also like raping everyone for
like many years so take him at his word
we were just talking about this that
some woman who's an attorney was saying
that he may very well be the biggest
serial rape or in history yes I mean I
don't know why I was excited about that
I know but it's goddamn crazy it's a
crazy mr. constable and you know
couldn't some of those women possibly
have died from OD'ing oh sure I mean so
he did a test on them to find out right
what life situation conditions they
might have oh yeah I mean who knows what
he's people have adverse reactions to
medication all that huh and back then it
was who knows what that's what was in
that stuff some women reported waking up
being they didn't know how many days had
passed they were dehydrated and disor I
mean they woke up near death you know so
I'm guessing he maybe it was you know I
wish she would tell the truth he won't
he's not he will but I wish she would
tell the truth like I would love if like
somewhat me he's so old now it's gonna
be really hard because I'm sure he
thinks about his legacy
he's bullshit but I would love it if he
could just say like what what was going
through his head when he would drug them
like did he think they were beneath him
like what was it he had to have he had
to have I think it's a celebrity thing
because he always exhibited the weirdest
parts of the celebrity situation like he
felt above people and privilege I'll
never forget he was interviewing Ron
Wanda Sykes interviewed him at some
award show and he chastised her for the
way she was talking to him and and he
was wearing sunglasses inside and he
just had this arrogance about him like
here's Wanda Sykes who's this hilarious
comedian and she's great
he should have been excited to talk to
her but instead he had this feeling that
he was like this royalty and he didn't
you know it didn't appreciate her
language or use of language Wow he raped
like 150 and like like what in the fuck
but that that sort of I'm above everyone
you know I want worked at a casino and
they told me that he would eat dinner
and he wanted the entire staff in his
dressing room to watch him eat what yeah
yeah yeah the lady was really freaked
out by it she goes he would have the
entire crew like everyone Dorothy
although everyone stand there while he
ate curry uh who'd eat his food and then
at night that was actually more
entertaining than the act he was taking
around at that time because I fell
asleep seeing him which was ironic I
really came to my college and I fell
asleep this is why you're in school
though yeah but you're probably talking
over probably actually no no but he
watch Crowe he also had the security
guard tuck him in oh they said he wanted
the security guard to tuck him into bed
and then shut the door and turn the
lights out I mean you must see this
though when people have seen that that
seems like super extreme how do you stay
grounded and not think you're better
than other people it's pretty easy first
of all I do jujitsu I get my ass kicked
I'm going to do a lot of difficult
things that I'm not good at I think
that's very important yeah do a lot of
difficult things yeah but also I just
don't have that attitude I've never
thought that I was
better than people right I'm good at
certain things but it's all because of
time and effort yeah you know which is
on one of the reasons why it's really
important to do things that you're not
good at and do difficult things because
it really that part of your brain where
you're learning things yeah instead of
just tightening up what you already know
remember when you first started doing
stand-up and you were like so awkward at
it like it's I remember I was terrible
when I was clunky and every set like
this could be an emotional fucking train
wreck for me here we go and I was so
nervous now like you know I did a set
Tuesday night at The Comedy Store I go
there all my friends are there we're all
laughing and joke and I can't wait to
get up there yeah I got the material
already everybody's there to see me like
hey everybody what's up it's easy so I
do difficult stuff a lot of difficult
things that's why sometimes they get
violently high before I go onstage as a
new challenge I'll be up there like what
the fuck are you saying what are you
doing like huh like you know to the
point where it's like I shouldn't be
doing stand-up but it gives me a new
challenge because stand-up doesn't even
raise my heart rate any but don't you
think beginning really high when you go
on stage opens up some weird thoughts
sometimes those come in they become new
bits yes all the time well a lot of
people that don't drink will listen to
you go wait a minute wait a minute
you're not sober so you get high mm-hmm
what the fuck is that
yeah you just substituted one addiction
for another and I'll tell you yes I did
yes I did because I can't I got out of
something I was I was totally sober for
several years and it felt great and I
had the stamp of approval from the sober
community and and I don't say I'm sober
I just say I don't drink I'm very like
those words are important to me because
people feel so betrayed when they're
like but you smoke weed I do it because
it makes me happy and and it doesn't
seem to I quit drinking because it was
affecting my career my career is my most
important thing in my life and my
relationships and butwe does not
negatively infected those to the point
that I need to quit as soon as it does
I'll be done and I'll read the easy way
to stop smoking pot by a guy who's now
dead so doesn't exist but well I think
the pot is a different thing and for me
I like it because it makes me more
sensitive
makes me nicer makes me more friendly me
to have more of a sense of community
like I want to hug people yeah I'm kind
I'm very thoughtful when I'm hi I'm I'm
like you know you can call it paranoia
but I'm I'm thoughtful I'm thinking you
know what people to be upset I want
everybody to get along well I want to
compliment people I want people to feel
good I like it but for this whole month
I'm not doing anything yeah this is
sober October right so me and Ari and
Bert and Tom we have this thing yeah in
October so it's and you're reading a
book it's on right now
yeah we've read 500 pages that's good
well you were eating Bert can't read
like bird sitting down with a bud he's
not breathing
is so hilarious I don't believe it he's
see it's on the honor system so I think
he's probably gonna throw an audiobook
on and just lie yeah you can't no I
heard you guys talking about that no
audio books cuz you can space out you
know like listening to a podcast no no
no yeah he's got a he's got a eyes to
page right and I want a book report I
haven't even started I haven't started
any book I'm listening to a bunch of
books on tape which is most of the way I
can tune books but um can I recommend a
book to you please okay get ready I'm
ready
it's called Cupid's poisoned arrow and
it's about how orgasms are ruining us
and our relationships and our happiness
and it talks about how I'm all for this
right now and it's a wild concept and
I've only read three pit three chapters
of this book so just I don't have all
the information but what I do know is
that orgasms are this rush of like blood
whatever your your limbic system is all
fired up when you have an orgasm and
everything we do in our lives to like
have stability and you know kind of
lower anxiety and and fight depression
is about balancing that and not spiking
it ever so orgasms are throwing us off
constantly and we're not supposed to be
having this many of them men men should
here's the thing though about men and
orgasms is that they they want to run
right after they come it's in your DNA
to get the fuck out of there
because as a caveman there wasn't you
can't make something pregnant twice so
once you came on to the next teepee -
fuck the girl's cousin that you just
like it wasn't about you weren't gonna
stay in cuddle fucking run let me tell
you something yeah that's not really
true what it's only true if you don't
actually like the person if you only
attracted them in horny if you're only
attracted to them and horny but you
don't like them as a person yeah once
you come you're like oh my god oh you're
out of here
but if you like them as a person once
you can't me like that was great they
just want to hang out I am actually a
man I do trust you
but I also think that there you would
want to hang out even more if you didn't
come that's not true really yes here's
my thing though I've had a lot of
instances this book spoke to me because
I cannot trace what happens between a
guy liking me and not in slow fading me
then to an orgasm you're an intense
person okay you're very smart you're
also very ambitious and without any
derogatory intent saying this at all
you're a lot of work but doesn't mean
you're bad just means you're you're a
powerful person you got a lot going on
yeah they're intense yeah you're
thinking all the time you know your
question my things
hmm you question yourself you question
this and that and you're just you're a
lot of work yeah some guys just can't
fucking deal and maybe the right guy can
you got to find the right guy there's
like everybody this is my theory on
human beings like no one is for
everybody there's not one person out
there that's the perfect fit for
everyone
but if you find someone who has you're
the right slots for your hands like it
fits in like this then you're good but
if it lands like this where they have to
things like they have big tits and you
know and they like to fuck but yeah
they're annoying and they talk too much
fuck you're gonna it's not gonna work
yeah it's not gonna work
but the problem is men like men are
horny all the time they're attracted to
women right and then sometimes that
horniness and that attractiveness you
get confused
think you actually like the person and
you write seems like you're a liar but
you're not a liar at the time come
before you come you're being earnest but
then once his spooge you like I gotta
get the fuck out of here
this is just yappy yappy yap yap-yap
a nonsense talk I gotta get the fuck
away yeah and then some people I feel
right but it's your meeting the wrong
people some people would be perfect with
fun and funny that's that's the thing
I'm like what change between me us
hanging out you liked me and then I
sucked your dick and now you don't watch
my Instagram stories anymore
okay you can't ask someone to wash your
instagrams no I'm not I'm not actually
asking that but it's like that's an
indication of someone likes you
why because I mean it's just it's just
mean watch any of my friends because I
love dearly I don't watch any of their
fucking because you're not you're not
dating in on instagrams no like I was
you what I thought I wouldn't Joe trust
me okay I won't maybe you're too busy
but here's here's my but if you like
that's how you show you like someone now
and install them up okay I we've got all
people yeah hang out with them you're
nice to them when you see them I don't
want to watch you fucking eat cake on
Instagram
watch your fucking boomerangs with a
fork full of cake yeah you're right so
not interested in that I'm busy
yeah shit to do and time is super
valuable for me I'm not watching
anybody's fucking instagrams
no one I'll watch them watch it's an
action that's how I know when someone
likes me if a guy's face keeps popping
up underneath my story and I'm like oh
my god he's watching my stuff constantly
works I didn't even know that's him a
lot I know that someone's watched your
Instagram story yes so you can flip up
on them and see who's watching and I'll
speak to you watching a lot of to watch
them have watched them and now if a lot
of times a guy will be too busy or I'll
be too busy but I need I need to let
this guy know that I like him so I'll
just flip through him very quick I won't
even watch him but I want my face to pop
up
he knows I'm interested it's just a way
to be like hey I'm into you and it's
just a way to indicate now it happened
it's happened to me with a couple guys
that I've really liked that they're in
they're interested and then after we
hook up no more and and it's not because
I wasn't good at what I was doing I
really don't think it's that or like why
do you have an idea of what it was
without asking um well I have asked and
a lot of times or one time they've said
and then I think it's actually tells me
no a couple times actually I I get there
too vulnerable with me and then I've
seen too much in terms of like they've
let me in in a way emotionally that
they've never let a woman in before and
then they're like they're I remind them
of the fact that they might have cried
with me or something and then they don't
want to be around it anymore
that sounds like what I would say if I'm
trying to get rid of somebody really
yeah I don't think that's true oh yeah I
mean if you really love someone and you
really love being around them what do
you care if you're vulnerable exactly if
you do care about that you're some kind
of a pussy that deserve to be in a
relationship anyway okay that could be
it and they couldn't why's pussy a bad
word let's let's talk about that
I see yeah someone saying you're a pussy
like that's ridiculous
everybody that's straight males love
love pussy right a lot of girls love
pussy
what a pussy I'm not thinking about it
Aegina though that's why it's so screwy
it's a screwy word yeah it's like we
were talking about earlier like the with
the use of words some cunt yeah yeah
it's sister but pussy's a weird one it's
like it doesn't make any sense like like
the pussy's aren't scared of you like it
doesn't make any sense yeah I guess I do
I think cat I think pussycat it's front
Cameron pussy cat
yeah but cats are just smart they look
at the fuck away from me yeah there's
sense yeah they're not scared as much as
they're wise if they were your size you
would be fucked fucking freaked out like
I'm scared cats are scared is cuz
they're little in your big yeah Sam
scaredy cat check a cat out with a
squirrel watch what the fuck huh yes
cats are stairs do you know how many
fucking animals domestic cats
Hill in this country oh my god billions
birds billions billions really billions
yeah it's fucked it's a crazy number
they're they're ruthless little animals
yeah I love him I love cat yeah I do too
I mean I've never had them but I got a
sweet little buddy named Prince Oliver
he's the best he's a ragdoll cat just
pick him up and just goes limp starts ah
he's the best and does uh Marshall get
get along yeah he's fine yeah everybody
ain't no her backup squirrels squirrels
this girl's resent him class yeah and my
daughter has a rabbit that he tried to
kill once oh yeah
not good Robert got away though luckily
good but now that rabbits well he had to
be taught like hey fuckface you can't
kill her out okay I was just a rabbit I
didn't know was a friendly rabbit I'm
going to see some birds after this where
you going I'm a bird shop I'm just a
parrot shot my friend knows about I was
like I need some that's what's so glad
Marshall came in today I was like I
needed some animal of animal love it's
so therapeutic you forget it's so good I
just want to snuggle with him he's great
do you have any dog sir I had two dogs
that I gave to my parents because I
moved to New York City and moved to like
a tiny apartment four floor walk-up and
I just started like wishing that they
weren't alive which is like crazy yeah I
was just resenting them and like finding
myself being a little less kind to them
not abusive ever but just not as like I
love you it's just like every time I've
seen them be like Oh hockey I'm here to
walk you like I was just a bitch around
them and I and my life was unmanageable
and so with them and I was paying so
much money for dog walkers I wasn't even
seeing them people coming in and out of
my house and then they were barking when
I was gone they were just mad didn't
have good lives so I gave them to my
parents and my sister I'm going to see
them this weekend but I I loved them so
much and I wish my I wish I had a job
that could have dogs in it I can't wait
to like not be on the road so much or
have a family like working in New York
you like living and working I do yeah
like doing those sets running around
doing the short sets all over the place
yeah I like
boom-boom-boom but I do that here too
when I'm here laughs factory improv
commie store so I could I want to be
here and there I haven't decided yet but
I'm back and forth I know that's when I
had dogs and I was happy talking to
Whitney she's got a gang of dogs you
know she's got like a giraffe so many
animals yeah I want a wouldn't use life
that Whitney was the one that told me
about that fucking no orgasm book
Whitney saved my life with a not save my
life but like is changing my life with a
book cuz I ran into her one time
backstage and I was like bitch how did
you get engaged why are you so happy
I've known you forever I've watched you
from afar and even though you Vic quit
like you were always just you know
Whitney and I met I moved to town in
2006 and I found her on MySpace just she
had some clip up and I watched her I was
like she's funny as hell and I reached
out and was like let's be friends we sue
the open mic circuit together and then
we kind of went our separate ways and I
watched her from afar and she was always
like kind of struggling with men in the
same way I was then all of a sudden
she's engaged and happy and saving
horses and I asked her one night
recently I was like what did you do and
she was like I read a book and it wasn't
that book it was this other book called
getting to I do it's such a humiliating
title but it just teaches you as a woman
to like stop trying to run shit because
we're so empowered as women now to be
like I can have anything I want I want
that I'm gonna get it and it
relationships don't work that way they
sometimes do if you're a more masculine
kind of woman which doesn't mean that
you're going for a feminine guy things
well I mean I mean it means you're going
for a guy who is comfortable in the
receiving role but most women want to
have a guy chase them but us empowered
women are running around like hey asked
me out let's go out and it's like men
don't fucking want that wailing to
choose yes that's I'm saying those are
the feminine men but not even feminine
men men like strong women yes
that's what I'm looking for I realized
that I definitely I can't put anyway
this book just talks about how pick
Elaine feminine masculine figure out
what you are and stick with it and don't
try to be both in a relationship and
it's it's changed a lot of my friends
lives
and mine really yeah just by being like
okay I'm not gonna chase these guys
anymore if a guy's not reaching out to
me he doesn't like me wait for him to
reach out to me it's pretty much the
whole concept of like he's just not that
into you kind of stuff but it's just
reminding women that men need to chase
us in order to feel like they've feel
like men really don't take the power
away from them they're turned on by that
they want to earn our love and our
bodies they want to earn it don't just
give it to such a generalization it is
but it's based in a lot of science the
book getting to I do I really yeah this
this doctor wrote this book and the
title is fucking terrible how could you
have science in regards to emotional
connections in relationship where's
their science um I forget but I'm just
gonna be honest with you I don't know
evolutionary biology establishes certain
roles and there's a reason for certain
roles and why people pursue certain
things and there's studies that have
done that but the problem is these
generalizations and they apply to one
like if a girl is really hot she's
chasing a guy guys are into it like we
don't it's not maybe at first but then
they end up resenting it oh I don't
believe that I do yeah but I'm a man but
I'm gonna trust what I've what I've I'm
a hot lady that's gone after some guys
that don't deserve me I don't I don't
know if that's what it is I don't know
if that's what it is
I think you're intense and I think
that's what scares guys I think that's
what it is
okay but it's not that you would scare
every guy off ya scare these guys that
can't handle intensity yes some people
can't take spicy food yeah that's what
it is okay that makes me feel better
it's it's all about compatible
personalities it's all about it I'm also
deeply afraid of any kind of intimacy
because I have I mean if you're really
breaking it down I have low self-esteem
which I'm working on and ever you know a
you sound like you have low self-esteem
you call yourself empowered and hot and
you say all these good things about
yourself you're out there killing it I'm
not as hot as I want to be or could
would kill to be literally kill I would
murder someone to be honorable hmm a
couple if I could get away with okay if
you could look like Beyonce how many
people would you murder do I have to do
that by hand and do I get away with a
knife if you do with a knife um if it's
like Bill Cosby yeah easy I could murder
him yeah oh yeah but I would if I could
like the boxer you press a button and
five people die if this would be like an
episode of Black Mirror it was just a
room you go into a room and Bill Cosby
sitting there that's fuckin cataracts
yes and I give you this this knife okay
and I say listen we can make this happen
but I need you to do something for me I
need you to go in there and take care of
this monster yes
you think you'd stab Bill Cosby yes and
he literally is probably the only person
that I could do that too what about
Harvey Weinstein mmm I don't I mean yeah
he's disgusting and yeah probably yeah
if I could give me the Vanity Fair about
him but like let me refresh Lee read all
the accusations like I need to have it
with Bill Cosby I just feel like there's
been so many stories and I've really
sunk my teeth into all of it different
but if you if you let me talk to a
couple victims and hear what he did I
mean I could do it to so many people I'm
feeling good but I don't like violence
and that does freak me I'd rather just
strangle him have his eyes pop out
violent than stabbing him I just don't
like blood and like like peer like even
it's like stepping on a cockroach you're
like have to hear lunch yeah what if you
kill him with like a sledgehammer whoo
that's blood - and that's like
blunt-force eye yeah I could probably do
it could you
oh yeah okay good I just want I don't
know okay good
Bill Cosby well if you rape on my
daughters oh my god
easy to kill him easy easy I'd probably
yeah I want to say what I do really come
on I'd do it slow and then I throw him
off a roof yeah I would act I would
actually like go in and act like I was
like a fan and be like can I run some
jokes by you and have him like lecture
me whoa and like just earn a little bit
of his trust and then jump on his chest
like I try them
yeah fucking shank him just fucking go
to town yeah and feel good isn't it
crazy that five years ago no one would
ever think that oh I did I was kidding
this is all pre rape no you're right I
mean that would be the what an insane
conversation right to a fat like to have
this conversation in 2009 no I want to
kill bill cuts up fuck is wrong with you
he's America's dad there's someone right
now that we could be having this
conversation about that we we don't know
that we don't know don't think anybody
is like that not like that cuz I heard
about that guy in 1994 when I was on
news radio when I was on a sitcom they
were talking about Bill Cosby drugged
young people I forget who was having the
conversation but they were like Bill
Cosby drugs people and I was like what
like yeah like it was like inside
Hollywood talk like on the set they were
saying that someone knew someone who
Bill Cosby drugged he drugs women had
sex with him or he would he wrote jokes
about it yes he talked about late night
TV flipping a Spanish Fly into someone's
drink yes he wrote an episode of his
show where he was like at a barbecue and
like there's something in the barbecue
sauce and the girls are kind of like yes
yes isn't that crazy
dude you know what's been happening to
me is that so I like I have been like
you know talking with guys texting with
guys facetiming like all these
long-distance stuff because I'm scared
of intimacy whatever and um I've been
having these like really intimate
moments with men where it's like our
relationship reaches that like oh this
might be something let's maybe meet up
and we make plans and I find out the
next day they were and I think they're
like maybe on my way to be my boyfriend
and they were on ambien and they don't
remember any of it I've been ambient a
couple times and I don't think and by
guys that I'm like they are the drinking
problem I'm finally engaging in like a
sober relationship or sober ish and then
they they and they don't remember
anything and I'm like we made plans to
go to Mexico together like you
like Priceline I can't get a fuckin
refined made dinner when he was on
ambien do and thought someone broke into
his house like he went to the store and
got like a turkey and cooked it made
mashed potatoes stuffing graving they
did the whole thing
cooked yeah and then woke up at the
morning and they were like what did you
do last night you coach like what I
didn't fuckin cook like I really thought
someone broke into his house and cooked
dinner
that stuff's horrible yeah it's so bad
guys waking up in relationships with me
and they're like they didn't know it
they're ready to go to Mexico like what
what's my passport doing out they'd in I
don't like you like that
and then I'm like pull wheat and I go to
sleep with like butterflies in my
stomach like God we finally connected
tonight something happened he finally
saw what I saw the whole time and the
next day I'll make like I'll kind of
like be like so last night like one day
one guy we had phone sex for the first
time we were like and it felt like real
sex you know sometimes it can feel very
connected phone sex or FaceTime Skype
sex whatever it is this guy live mid
middle of the country okay yeah and I
was in New York gonna say Midtown
Midtown I was like why just get in the
mood
this is crazy yeah and we we finally
like got naked together on the and I was
like oh my god like this is and it was
never really sexual before that like
there was a little flirty things I was
like when is this guy gonna make a
fucking move and like and he did but he
was on ambien and blacked out see it
didn't remember any of it I was skipping
around I was like dude I telling all my
girlfriend's like I've met a guy like
this guy is like the guy that I've been
talking to them about I have a radio
show so every morning I go in and like
debrief my producers I'm like it last
night we like hooked up and it's
happening and and then I talk to him
later on and he was just like wait what
are you talking about I was like and he
goes I don't really even know we talked
last night and
it just sucked and then it happened to
me recently again there's a lot of
people on that chest a lot I did it
recently my friend gave it to me because
I I guess I shouldn't say that but my I
took some and you shouldn't say that you
just don't say the friend's name yeah
okay you're all right okay
fucking asshole I was working with Bill
Cosby I didn't even mean to he was my
friend
and because I was just having a really
rough time I did the roast of Alec
Baldwin and I was not getting enough
sleep which I know you guys were talking
about the other night sleep is fucking
everything and I had a meltdown and I
had a Netflix taping to do the next
night my friend was like take this
ambien you're not gonna sleep otherwise
and I took it and it and I took
Instagram off my phone if hook took
Twitter off my phone I cleared my room
of food because you know what's gonna
happen
got the best night's sleep of my life
though oh yeah I was like I don't know
if I'm gonna get racist when I do ambien
what if that is what it causes him you
planned that far ahead
Instagram on phone so my ambien state
would have had to go into the App Store
redownload it type in my you know like a
lot of things yeah very clever thing
that's very smart of you I don't want to
get cancelled yet I mean someday I will
want to get cancelled that surprised
again yeah a Knicks no not even to rise
again to be like good I'm out I'm gonna
go start my bird rescue or whatever the
hell you know yeah it'll be I'll be okay
it's very difficult to get comics
cancelled unless they're doing something
I know you gotta get mean even Aziz
which I think he got a fucking terrible
deal like what happened with him was
terrible it sounded like a bad date it
sounds like one person's account of it
and he didn't give his account of it and
you know he just tried to stay
supportive of me too and all that jazz
but I got devastated I was wrecked by
that yeah
really wrecked and his special is a
great indication of it you see his
recent special took a giant apology I
haven't seen it yet but I mean he's a
funny guy and
he didn't get canceled he's still doing
shows and everything but this is Louie
CK he's still doing shows but those guys
are an example Louie more so right he's
an example because people are protesting
no one's protesting Aziz you know he had
a bad date yeah but no one but Louie to
this day still getting protested like
he's like people show up at his shows
they print every time he does a show
somewhere they print all who care he's
fine I don't care you don't care about
him you don't just like he's fine he'll
be fine yeah I mean like but emotionally
sure hmm you don't care I took like
emotionally I think he's gonna be fun I
think it's all like you're gonna upset
some people they're gonna protest but
it's not gonna affect your ticket sales
or how much people love you and he knows
that and he's gonna be quite all right
it's not the people that do love it it's
the people that hate him it's like
there's always gonna be a certain amount
of people that do love you even if
you're a terrible person yeah if you're
like look Donald Trump is one of the
things that's fascinating about him to
me is that he's the king of the assholes
like he's an self-avowed asshole it's
very obvious that he's an asshole
and then other assholes like fine
they've got an asshole I'm speaking for
us and they want to wear sunglasses
inside shit I mean this is what he
attracts all right so even if you're an
asshole you're going to get a bunch of
people who love you that's just if
you're in a public eye people choose
cult leaders right they don't choose
them for their positive qualities they
get sucked into this idea of this person
liking them and being on a team with
this person and if that person is a
strong person it's even more
intoxicating Donald Trump's a strong
person celebrities are strong people
celebrities are famous like I you know
everybody hates you Louie but I support
you there's you're going to have those
what you've done there's people out
there that still that show up at our
Kelley's trial and they they have signs
and say we support you those bitches
knew what they were in for but really
this is yeah this is something that's
going on right now to this day it's
because people get incredibly drawn to
someone who's in a position of fame and
power like like a Donald Trump or or
anybody
Louise one of those two so it's it's not
that the people who love him don't
always love him and people love Lois
before and they forgive him for what
he's done but it's gonna be people that
don't and those people that don't they
write articles and it's just like if he
reads them it's just like burns on you
it hurts you it's like and he's a super
sensitive guy you know all this stuff
like it's like he's gonna be fine
yes but it's still it's not devastating
yeah but didn't he cause a little bit of
devastation in some people's lives
perhaps for sure so for sure I for an
eye and and I really think like the the
women the angry people who don't like
him and earn are going to shows wouldn't
have gone to them anyway and yet it's
going to get that Google Alert for your
name when when you know one out of ten
articles is maybe negative about you but
he's doing all right I mean like I
talked to him after it one night at the
Comedy Cellar
I me told me some examples of things
that have been said to him in public
like cuz I just asked him I was like
what has it been like for you this is
right when he came out of hiding and he
told me some stories of things that had
happened in public where a woman once
whispered in his ear you fucking piece
of shit like at a you know he's at a
store or something and then another one
where just a woman blatantly in the
street was like fuck you you know and it
was like oh my fucking god
this is a nightmare for you walking
outside your house but and I'm like just
so this is easy though those only two
times of the whole year and I was like
okay well that seems manageable and he
goes he says but ten times a day people
are still asking for my picture in
autographs oh very good so I don't think
he's suffering that much and I don't
think he deserves to suffer that much
I'm just saying I think as many people
hate him as maybe would have anyway
because no one can be famous for too
long without people hating them you know
he said a big one was the big one was
that parkland thing that joke that he
made it got released he said that that
really really fucked him up the response
to that because it was after you know he
had just starting to do stand-up again
after ten months off and then he did
that joke about the parkland survivors
about like why are they interesting and
because you pushed a fat kid in front
because you survived like you're
laughing see it's a fucked-up thing that
someone would say at a candy Club when
you take that out of context right now
then people get angry at it but that is
a classic louis c.k line I mean that
sounds exactly like we would have for it
before this whole thing 100% now he's
walking a fine line he can't also the
very beginnings the embryonic stages of
a bit and that bit could monster bit
totally yes you're so right that was the
first incarnation of that but yeah no
stand up at all for ten months and he's
got this bit and he's working on it and
he's got an angle the angle is why are
we these survivors just because they
survive doesn't mean they're interesting
yeah that's that does true love it it is
true great bet it could have been an
amazing bit but some fuckhead how to
record it and then put it on YouTube and
then you got guys like Judd Apatow
yelling out about it like is as if this
is like Louie's final statement on the
subject and it's this especially by
other comics like that
I found that whole thing to be so fucked
up I was like you know what a bit is
yeah and you know when someone's trying
look don't you ever try man I've said
some stuff on stage right I even say to
the crowd listen that didn't come out
right
first don't please don't tell anyone
that I just said that well you all be
just cool of course so I definitely
understand that and I understand saying
things that make people feel really sad
and angry and they feel hurt by it and
they write mean things to me saying that
I've hurt their feelings and it feels
shitty and when people hate you
I feel so I do feel for him that way I
do and that's why I asked him like what
is it like you're the most beloved and
then you were hate I mean that's gotta
fuckin suck let's go and he said he
would have gone ton that he would have
gone to Africa to disappear wherever you
know somewhere to disappear but in his
kids he couldn't leave yeah and so he
just had to sit around with it so I
gotta be super hard I sympathize or I
can empathize with that for sure and
that would suck and I'm not immune to
getting fucking canceled and I'm sure
I've said shit before that just waiting
to research footage
on that roast I'm scared to do the Rose
I was like this stuff isn't gonna age
well no it we're going you know yes it's
scary
you went hard in the paint oh dude I was
but I was supposed to go so much harder
it's a no yeah I had to cut a lot of
jobs why did you have to cut a lot of
jobs cuz Caitlyn Jenner didn't want us
talking about her car crash
so Jesus Christ that was like the bulk
of my material don't be here I know she
didn't even know that it was possible
that we were gonna do that oh my god I
was like that I know
Comedy Central told me they're like
listen we don't think Caitlyn knows that
those jokes are coming and I was like
will you tell her or will someone give
her a heads up like and they're like we
don't want to alert her cuz she might
not want to do it now so who decided to
not do the jokes I was doing the jokes
around town to get ready for it like I
was going like Caitlyn Jenner such a
beautiful woman you killed with your car
four years ago you know something like
that um I loved you on Keeping Up with
the Kardashians just like different
things I love that you I love that
you're a woman that can't mend straight
yet you still managed to have blood on
your hands like great jokes and yet men
street you can't men straight menstruate
menstruate yet you still managed to
can't get your period but you still
managed to have blood on your hands and
um and I was too gonna and they were
like my favorite jokes of my set they
like did this like work the best I was
working that set up for like a month
before and who told you did not do him
well Comedy Central's strongly advised
me not to they never said you can't
they've never said that to me which is
decide not to because Caitlyn Jenner
heard the morning of they had a call
with her the morning of the roast that
she had heard apparently someone's doing
jokes about me and my car crash and if
if they do if I hear the single that was
a very devastating thing that happened
to that family and a woman lost her life
and if there's a joke about it I will
walk and and awesome that's what I told
Tommy essential there was been awesome
but
I heard this I was like if she gets
upset because they were like if she gets
upset there might be a moment where you
know she the cameras go too and the
problem is I was going first and I was
doing all the jokes about the car crash
now if I would have upset her first off
then the whole show is thrown off and
it's weird in the room I said it would
be great bad press is good press it's
gonna get written up so much more you
guys come on you should have said yeah
yeah yeah whatever and just went up and
did it I was going to just don't put the
jokes in the prompter cuz then they
haven't signed off on it I'm going rogue
you know so go Rogen so I so I went up
or so that morning I woke up and I was
still kind of like maybe I'll do a
softer version of those jokes I was
gonna I was gonna mess tweak him a
little bit I was gonna say Caitlyn
Jenner what a beautiful woman you
accidentally killed with your I was
gonna add the word accidentally yeah
just to like soften it and make it more
factual yeah and then Comedy Central
called and they said that she had said
she'll walk and that's when I decided
I'm not gonna do it I don't want to this
woman to walk offstage I don't want it I
don't want to really as I just think
it's so strange that we're calling her a
woman really I love it I love the chaos
of it like I just love this woman like
oh yeah it's not I'm so proud of myself
when I don't even have to think about it
anymore because for a while it was like
make sure you say woman make sure you
say she just example of it cuz she's
such a dummy like when when she talks
it's just like it's so it's like
disappointing I wish you had more
insight on it like there's there's women
that transition brilliant the other day
just like dumb men became transition to
women and then they're suddenly like
these amazing women he was a dumb guy he
was he was a male Kardashian and then
all of a sudden he's like celebrated
Marnell grin - woman primer Wonder Woman
of the air huh you know what but the
best purpose that he serves she serves
for those Kyle Dunnigan - Instagram feed
oh my god that's another thing that
Comedy Central cut out Comedy Central
was doing a Kyle Dunnigan show where was
all like Face Swap shit yeah and he had
a bit where where Caitlin was fucking
Donald
and she was on top of Donald Trump it
was goddamned hilarious he's showing it
to me yeah I was in the greenroom at The
Comedy Store crying I mean crying light
and he's like coming central cut that
I'm like no no they can't do it what
what are you talking about you know you
got a face wop show no one was naked he
was she was just on top of Donald Rogers
our show would have been so good he's
genius he's genius genius
the funniest part one of the things
people will ever know for sure the
funniest ever Instagram yes sure yes his
Instagram Street feeder yep I go to it
every couple of days because it takes a
while for him to create yeah I know I
get so excited when he was a new one huh
he's him and Tim Dylan on there make me
laugh a lot yes yes Megan McCain so
fucking funny
because Tim is gay because he's like
this he's like he looks like you'd be a
frat boy but then you find out of these
gays like whoa we can get away with a
lot more yeah he really can he is great
and he's sober which is crazy yeah like
this guy's got to be on hard drugs when
he's doing that Megan McCain yes like
what kind of drugs this guy on yeah
you're so right she's on air breathing
air drinking water oh my god guys well
he got freaked out by a couple of
people's health issues well he's got a
new one what is he doing oh my god this
was want to thank Beachbody for making
me their spokesperson I've used a
product since the beginning I'm a
triathlete yeah good good I'm Kido so he
got scared you said well yeah I mean you
know he's he's very heavy and you know
he just was realized he threw fucking
Megan we can't give me a market this
week I'm gonna talk a little bit about
guns okay a lot of people in the media
I've never shot a gun and they've
certainly never masturbated with one
they have no idea what the fuck they're
talking my guns not for sale but my
pussy is and the price is PF Changs
my father and his friends used to hunt
me in the backyard I would run around
and they'd shoot at me and my father
said if we hit her the only thing that's
gonna come out is whipped cream he was
hilarious the ar-15 is the most popular
gun in America and it's the only thing
that's ever made me calm don't tell me
what guns I can own or what people he's
fucking nuts and I've seen that oh yeah
you know it no she said poor Megan to
have seen that yeah yeah my god he yeah
he's oh we were talking about the so
anyway I just decided not to do the
jokes because I didn't want to upset her
and it was it sucked because it would
have been nice to know leading up to
that right because I was preparing but
yeah who cares I just didn't want to I
don't want to make people feel come on
what do you expect I mean you had Alec
Baldwin's fucking daughter come up and
tell the jokes about what a horrible
daddy I know and you can't you can't own
up to the fact that you crashed into
someone yeah so what did you make any
jokes about her oh yeah I um I said I
just made fun of the fact that she was a
terrible father at one point in like
abandon one of our families to go do a
reality show so I really leaned into
that oh yeah she had Brody Jenner and a
couple others the fuck is Brody yeah
he's the most famous of her sons but she
had a whole family before the
Kardashian's that like she didn't watch
grow up even though they were just like
down the road down the PCH yeah do you
know that for a fact
yes yeah it was like an episode of the
Kardashians versus like I wasn't around
for your lives and uh yeah and but she
was like so nice during the when I was
doing the jokes she was like so happy
about all the jokes about her abandoning
her family she was like I love him oh
it's the death one that she has a
problem yeah yes that was it was weird
because it happened during the
celebration of her becoming a woman yeah
she was right in the girl thick of the
transition and they had a settlement she
settled I think there was some kind of
fault
who knows accidental but whoops she did
not want to relive it who would write
but listen I had a guy with my car once
did you yeah I almost killed him it was
terrible
was your walking um no he did not walk
right after I mean on the street when
you hit him
garbage man picking up collecting across
the street jumped out from the car
didn't see him I was 16 just had got my
license and he flew up on the hood and
flew into the grass I thought I killed
him and it was terrifying and he sued me
four years later right under the statute
of limitations and I had to go to court
and it came out on the stand that he was
a child molester and so I won whoa it
was kind of fucked Karma yeah yeah
you're a great person
you picked the right fucking person I
hit your car holy shit he's a child
molester
have you ever almost killed someone no
no luckily yeah fuck that's crazy
yeah it's made me a better driver at one
time you know in a fight in a martial
arts fight I knocked this guy out he
never got up and I I started thinking
then that could be me
they took him away to the hospital and I
went back to talk to my instructor and
he wasn't there it was in Anaheim
California and I was living in Boston we
flew back to Boston after the tournament
and he said to me I heard you had a
really good knockout you know this thick
Korean accent and I said yeah I go it
was um it was really scary because he
never got up yeah I thought he was dead
and he goes sometimes they die chief
they just walked away like he used to
train troops in Vietnam like he was like
an intense guy and I was like sometimes
they die holy shit I'm them them is me
wow I could die I was 19 and I remember
I never thought about the same way again
I never thought about hitting someone
the same way again
because it was one of those but like
sometimes you hit someone and it's like
a perfect shot like the hit him they
were running it he was running toward he
was coming at me and I kicked him with
something called a wheel kick we it has
a crazy amount of power you spin around
and you hit someone with the heel of
your foot it's a heart my heel hurt for
days I was limping walking from hitting
his head yeah it was rough have you ever
been hitting away that you're like that
could be
I've been dropped and I've been rocked
and have definitely been hit but I've
never been knocked unconscious and not
like that that was a bad one he was like
face a faceplant that he was snoring
I've seen a lot of people get knocked
out did you have you checked on him
recently I have no idea who he is
Wow I've known have no idea what
happened to him you get one CTE probably
murdered his whole family no a hundred
percent he got brain damage what 100%
what 100%
whoa Jose no way he didn't oh my god no
way didn't but could that happen to you
of course it could have happened
absolutely could it happen to you now in
the way that you're fighting I don't do
it anymore
I do Jiu Jitsu right but if sister's not
striking see this is not it's not like
kick and this was not like sparring this
was a fight this was in the US Nationals
Wow was the Massachusetts state champion
and he was a champion I think he was
from Illinois hmm and so he was the
Illinois state champion did you get like
so much pussy back then from being like
winning fights were there like groupies
no there's no group no no I got the
opposite of pussy
I was always training I was now yeah
yeah I wouldn't even have sex with my
girlfriend in the the dojo
I wouldn't like she I was teaching there
so I what she was horny and she was
trying to hook up with me like I was I
had to go up there to do something and
clean or something I forgot what I had
to do but she was trying to I'm like I
can't like don't but this is not we
can't do this here like this is not this
is never gonna happen here which is like
I would fuck her in an alleyway fucked
around a bus if no one was looking
but knotted the dough she's not there no
it's actually in Korean it's called
dojang they would go dojang but um no I
didn't get any pussy I mean other than
my girlfriend and then when you start
comedy like so much yeah dude it was
crazy I was the crazy thing that's like
like all sudden girls actually like me
like instead of me liking them and then
rejecting me because I was basically a
loser you know even though I was like a
successful martial artist I had no money
and no future prospects and there was no
promise to me you know it's like where's
this guy going did you see this for
yourself eventually like not exactly
this obviously but like no just being
happy successful did you
you really felt like a loser like what
am I gonna do yeah Wow I just have
extreme social anxiety believe it or not
how did that manifest itself I was
telling people about like um the bank
teller thing was a weird one for me I
always got super nervous talking to Bank
Towers I got to be in line there's like
three people in front of me of like
three more people and I don't talk to
the lady Wow more people I got to talk
to the lady you know I get weirded out
I'd get I didn't had pretty extreme
social anxiety I think I just didn't
have good self-esteem I just thought it
was a loser and then what made you do
stand-up um well I had friends from my
martial arts days that talked me into it
and said you were funny and I would make
them laugh when we were on our way to
like tomp competitions everybody was so
nervous you know because these are full
contact tournaments and people got
knocked unconscious all the time like my
friends got knocked unconscious all that
I mean I've seen so many people get
fucked up and everybody would be tense
so I would be the guy who broke the ice
I would be and everybody was like
gallows humor I would make everybody
laugh yes and then my friend Steve who
I'm still dear friends with this day he
Steve Graham he said you should be a
comedian and I was like there's no way
man you think I'm funny because you're
my friend I go the things that I think
are funny everybody else is gonna think
I'm an asshole like it's just fucked my
sense of humor it's fucked up but he
talked me into it
and then I went to an open mic night and
then I realized that Oh open mic night
everyone sucks like you're just trying
to start out like it there we're all
amateurs so my thought was like well at
least I won't be as bad as the worst guy
you know I'll probably be better than
the worst guy so maybe I could try this
and then I went out but I did it and
then once I did it once I knew I was
gonna do it when did you stop feeling
like a loser
couple weeks ago yeah I'm not convinced
do you secretly feel like do you do you
are you insecure still or you struggle
with self-esteem and all not really not
really not yeah but I used to definitely
have impostor syndrome you know like
even when things are really good like I
go to a sold-out theater and like they
introduce my name and like as I was
walking out and people cheering I'd be
like this is not yeah this is not seen
real I'm tricking these fucking people
once again yeah you know and even when
it was over I really cool trick them
again
you know yep it's weird it's I think
that's healthy though because the idea
of being a famous person or being a
celebrity it's it's a crazy state that
doesn't it's not supposed to exist
you're not supposed to be able to go to
a place where ten thousand people have
paid money to hear you talk for an hour
I mean that is fucking bananas so it
doesn't exist in nature it's not a
normal state for a human being to be
able to manage so if you thought like
that's normal and you deserve it and
it's not special and strange then I
think that that would be weird right to
think it's special and strange always
but appreciate it I think that's the way
to do yes appreciate so I know I can do
it but the reason why I know I can do is
because I do it all the time and it work
really hard at it yeah so I know I show
up and I know I have my act ready I know
I prepared I don't take it lightly
yes it means a lot to me if you feel the
same way if I've worked hard enough I
feel like I deserve it but if I'm if I
don't if I've had a lazy week and I'm
performing and I'm making big bucks for
a big deal and I haven't even looking up
looked at my set list or just mmm I feel
guilty and I feel imposter II this way
that I combat impostor syndrome is like
I had a therapist one time say who do
you think that you are that you can fool
all these people you think these people
are that stupid and you're so smart and
you're tricking all of them so I try to
remind myself of that like when I think
these audio this audience doesn't
fucking know how untalented I am they're
just here because they think I'm
something I go who do you think you
think you're smarter than these people
these are smart people they know what
they like well your audience of smart
people but let's be honest there's a lot
of dummies out there yeah that's that's
real - yeah the idea that just because
you have a lot of people come to see you
that you're really good that's nonsense
no you have to be good people always are
like other comedians are so mad at
comedians who are hacks that have huge
followings and I'm like dumb people need
to laugh too
it's like don't Lewis yeah sure dumb
movies
everyone needs entertainment how many my
ADA movies are there though oh yeah look
fucking 80 of them
yeah you ever try to watch one of those
things now give you brain damage yeah
yeah change your life have you ever you
actually tried us yeah we should watch
some clips yeah I mean well this movies
that are like look I don't mean to pick
on that guy I mean he's doing great used
to be a homeless person I just got a
star on the Walk of Fame to him it's not
my kind of movie but obviously a lot of
people love it there's a lot of movies
that are for little kids that if you
watch them they're terrible like I watch
kids I watch movies with my kids and I
was like Jesus crisis movie is awful and
they're like yeah it's not for you it's
for 9 year olds yeah I think it's
hilarious
yes not everything's gonna be for you in
anything though yeah I just have to
instead of getting mad like why is that
person so successful I'll just go well
their audience needs that and they're
not gonna enjoy you they can't and not
because they're not smart enough it's
just like I don't know don't speak to
them and I can't speak to everyone and
that's frustrating wondering why other
people's success or wondering why other
people are successful is their refuge of
losers yes it's a loser mentality it's a
loser occupation it's a it's a it's a
loser practice because you're wondering
why other people are successful like who
gives a fuck you can say you think it
sucks but to spend time wondering why
someone is successful and hating on
something successful it doesn't do any
good it's like what is that old
expression that jealousy is it's a
poison that does the opposite of its
intended it doesn't affect the other
person at all but it poisons yourself
yeah it wastes your your energy and time
it just is so it's so indicative that
you are insecure yes it's like people
don't realize how what a giveaway that
is when they are talking shit you're
just like oh this is just showing me
that you fucking don't like yourself
well I figured out there's something
that I figured out personally and that I
try to relay this and I try to be more
clear and more concise the way I relate
the way I look at that is that your mind
you have a certain amount of bandwidth
is why I don't read Instagram comments
or Twitter comments or YouTube comments
like I don't mean time if I read them
it's an accident but to seek
yeah like you have bandwidth I don't
spend time wondering why I hate things
or hating things or hating on someone or
being jealous you have let's say let's
call it units you have a hundred units
of bandwidth in your mind so it means
there's a hundred units so you can spend
on things you care about or you could
let your mind be occupied why some
stupid fucking Twitter feud that you're
in with some idiot you don't even know
and you could spend thirty percent of
your Twitter ban well your your your
mind bandwidth on this and then you only
have seventy percent for the things you
love and then maybe you're involved in
some fucking relationship but someone
who's an idiot and you're arguing back
and forth with them well there's another
thirty percent that's gone now you got
you have forty percent left you have
forty percent for the things you love
instead of a hundred percent but if you
only concentrate on the things you care
about
that means something to you and learn
how to do that like you were talking
about meditation yeah it's a form of
meditation yep because you're learning
how to avoid the little road bumps and
the ditches on the side of the road that
could suck your baby give them just a
little bit and go okay no no no but
where you could lean in like how you're
saying when you stop drinking all the
sudden your career took off you started
doing well because unless you had more
bandwidth and you know less problems
that problem that you had that was
rotting you away no longer existed
so now sudden it frees up your time and
you realize oh my god there's so many
funny things that I could talk about and
I have so much energy and I'm so healthy
I could just go onstage and have fun and
then you're killing it when was the last
thing that you gonna know got it like
you maybe gave it a little too much
bandwidth do you still struggle with
those things no I don't and not really
anymore but it's been a gradual process
like a member of the first I do have
been a jealous dude in stand-up like
when you first started out you had to
have hated the guy that was getting
ahead like right I don't know any male
comic I was the beginning yeah what
happened to that you get successful in a
development before I was successful
before I was successful I realized it
was stupid
long before because when I was like an
amateur I would see guys that were
killing and and I'd be like fuck him
like why is he doing good like that guy
sucks and this guy sucks and you know
come he got this and he got that and
then I remember thinking like this is a
gigantic waste of time I got into comedy
because I'm a fan of comedy and my
concentrating on people that suck or
being jealous about people that are
doing well does me is zero good but
instead if someone does well I can be
inspired and I can get fired up by it I
mean I figure this out my early 20s I
was like okay yeah I have a poor way of
looking at it because it's a martial
arts thing because in martial arts like
you can't be jealous of someone else's
ability you have to realize you might
have to fight them someday
so by realizing that they're really good
you you were forced to be objective
about it and you have to go to work like
you have to go fuck that guy's better
than me I got to get better and you have
to go to work right there's no there's
no positive benefit in under estimating
someone under estimating someone will
get you fucking killed like literally
yeah a shin smashed in your face like
you don't want it convincing yourself
that the things that you're jealous of
them for aren't really good get your
that will get you killed so that's
that's it dude that's totally it because
the things that I get jealous of or have
and I'm better about it now than I've
ever been but you know you see other
women I mean my jealousies are always
with other women you know it's just the
way it is and I have to fight it and I'm
really good about it now to be like
actually inspired by women who are
funnier than me but that's awesome but
and to use it to be like okay then I
need to be better I need to get up to
that level that is I need to go home and
write it like fires me up as opposed to
like why and it's powerful for everybody
it's powerful for them it's powerful for
you yes it's like there's no negative
aspect to it it's like you should be
thankful that there's women out there
that make you feel uncomfortable yet
like when I see someone just murder on
stage fuck I want to go to work yeah
right I want to get home and right yeah
I want to I want to go perform I'm like
fuck that guy just killed her holy shit
she just crushed she's out there killing
it he's doing so good it makes me want
to work harder and in that sense
find someone's not doing anything bad as
long as someone's not victimizing
someone what they're doing is they're
there they're there showing you that
possible to do better than you're doing
yeah that's good you need to see you
need to know that the second you get
comfortable and you think you're the
best and there's nothing to well you I'm
sure you've gone into a town and like
there's local comedians and there's like
a guy who's like a funny local guy and
he's terrible because the community
sucks yeah because there's no one there
there's no one pushing them fucking meet
each other well work has so many killer
that's what has so many killers cuz
there's so many of us whenever I go back
and forth to different coasts it's like
you just the styles are so different but
like when I moved to New York you you
had to follow Dave Attell you're gonna
rise yeah you have to you have to or
you're gonna drown
yes so it's I'm always encouraged by
being around better people I always want
to follow when people are like I don't
want to follow a tell I don't want to
follow Chappelle or whatever it's like
no I do have to because it's it's a
challenge and yeah it's inspiring I
wanted to get back to the fact that I
wanted to think of what's the last thing
that derailed you in terms of been with
you were about to answer like what's
something that you had to kind of get
out of your life it's not a one instance
but it's a slow progression and also my
career like I became successful during
the time that the internet came to be
yeah so it was all happening like people
being able to comment on you and say
things that was all a completely new
thing and everyone had to learn how to
navigate those waters because at first I
would treat people that were saying
something online like a heckler like if
someone would heckle you and say
something and then you'd be like what
fuck you and then you would own them
right like you just think I and PTIN
like in the early internet days that's
what people did like they would have
these flame wars they would call it with
people just like go back and forth with
each other and you would like it was
just a lot more of that yeah there is no
it's a waste of time not only is it a
waste of time you then you realize like
no this isn't a heckler this is a like
you're getting a message the world can't
hear it like so you have to decide if
you're going to concentrate and put all
your energy and broadcast to the world
that you're involved in this this
altercation with this other person
it's fucking pointless yeah we see it
all the time with people people get
sucked into these traps I see with
fighters
like UFC fighters all the time they're
getting these fights with fans like
someone will say something to them and
now they'll reply and them to reply to
me and it's waste of time and it just
took a while to realize for me what's
positive what's negative it doesn't mean
I'm immune to criticism or that I don't
deserve criticism like everybody does
and there's times where you're going to
misstep or you're going to say something
that's not correct or foolish or not as
funny as you thought it was when you
were thinking you're gonna say it that's
just part of being a person but to
engage constantly in swimming into the
deep waters of other people's criticism
and opinions random internet people it's
like god damn it that's so much
bandwidth it's so much so much you could
use a hundred percent of your bandwidth
on that and some people do some people
go goddamn crazy I met people that are
just like googling themselves and
reading their own internet comments all
day long and just going crazy and
fighting with people all day long and
going crazy you know it gets in no
matter how much you're like fuck this
guy it it gets I was doing like a live
Instagram yesterday on the way to the
airport talking to some fans and one guy
was like wow you look a lot better with
makeup because I was like no makeup on
looked like you know shit and I'm and I
go fuck you you're black I got him out
of there and I go I'm on I'm gonna be
honest with you guys it's gonna bother
me the rest of the goddamn day because
this guy just said what I actually think
about myself that no one actually is
saying to me and that's when it hurts is
like when someone nails something about
you that you're like I secretly think
but it's probably just me no one else
sees it and I had to admit like I'm I
was gonna think about that later and it
might make me not do one of these again
because I don't want someone to say
something like that and bring it attend
to it everyone's attention it's so much
I've since the last time I was here and
we talked a lot about my obsession with
looks and being pretty or hot or
whatever it is I've let a lot of that go
but it's still it's still there it's
really hard to overcome and your
dude I mean how do you let go of that as
you age I mean like you're like you know
like you you definitely have some value
wrapped up in your looks
as someone who's attractive and fit mmm
I think it's different for a man than it
is for a woman because there's a lot of
ugly dudes with hot wives because
they're ugly dudes are successful yeah
there's very few the guys are gay yeah
yeah because why wouldn't man ever be
with a woman less attractive than him
well this men that are with women that
are less attracted with them because
they're interested in their personality
or their sense of humor that's real yeah
but the the disproportionate love that
some disgusting older men have and with
hot women like Lil Duval okay you know
they'll do well
I fucking love that dude he's got
something on his Instagram pull this up
it's this guy in a tub and he's like
this older dude and he's got this young
lady that's sitting on his lap in front
of him and he she's asking him what she
likes in him I just play this out we'll
play this cuz it's fucking hilarious
look play this watches let's just listen
to your personality your attitude you're
physically attractive
[Music]
he's like insider almost 70 it looks to
me yes and not really a handsome robber
trip now doing everything to not look at
it and she looks like she's about thirty
and lean and her tits are floating above
the water yeah holla yeah see I'm
talking about possible that's real
that's real lip that flip that know what
doesn't exist doesn't mean your old lady
with a hot lean young man Joe I've been
having a lot of young dudes coming after
me
like well you're young still I know I'm
35 but I've been having young guys like
a mature woman who's still hot who's
like physically fit
yeah and smart and and interesting like
it's feel weird about it though like a
dirty lady I know I feel fetishized new
right like I'm an old lady I don't want
anyone to be like kogure 35 35 and I've
got like 22 year olds
20 year old it's getting pretty low
awesome really yeah get on top
choke them make sure you I don't know
whatever you into no I don't have sighs
but it's not weird I just don't want to
be an old I don't want to them to only
like me because I know what way too much
fuck yeah you think way too much how do
we stop I don't know
about that kind of shit like just enjoy
it who gives a shit that's also one
really positive aspect of drinking that
I mean I'm telling you dude if I still
drink 19 can we mama's pussy
I really miss drinking for you're so
right I think so much because man that
was the only way it used to have sex was
to drink and now it's just so difficult
for me you have to find something you
actually like and then that's scary
because that was that could be intimacy
so I am stuck between intimacy and
bangin and I I haven't had sex since May
oh and before that even longer I only
slept with one person six years over
it's October October June July August
September five months five months of my
literal like best looking year of my
life wasted understand that are you
meeting guys it's not that I can't have
sex it's that I won't let myself because
I get too attached to people and I feel
like it's it so you worry that if you do
have sex with them that it's going to be
too much they'll bill not they'll stop
watching my Instagram story the next day
and I will be so sad I'll feel that way
you won't have that problem
well they'll stop texting me they'll
stop something will stop and I will feel
so so sad and I'm avoiding that's that
sadness of sleeping with someone too
soon I'm a doctor and it just yeah it
sucks
yeah I think just you're just
interacting with the wrong people
yeah I mean I don't know who's the right
person for you you know I know you never
really can tell no you can't I mean you
just know yeah when it happens yeah but
it's my wife you she's just super nice
person how did you meet her met her at a
bar really where Texas and oh god it's
like Matt Damon that's how he met his
wife I don't know why I just love to
know how people met their wives you you
have to find someone first of all it's
gonna be able to deal with the fact that
you're a comic right yeah that's you're
dating other con
which I am well that's good I guess
everyone's like don't do that I'm
securing christina pazsitzky one of the
best couples at Moshe kasher and Natasha
Leggero granny and rich yes great great
couple it's possible yeah and obviously
there are people that are gonna
understand you yes I understand what you
do but like a regular dude is gonna have
a problem with you being the funny one
like a lot of dudes have a problem you
know but sometimes some people like are
fine with it like Eliza
Eliza's husband he's a chef he's super -
great that guy's awesome I know he
really is he's so chill he just like
hangs like it's a perfect complement to
her personality yeah so brash and
outrageous and you know and she's so
powerful and he's just like mellow dude
you know it was like hanging out and you
know it's like they work together yeah
he's not a weak man he's just calm you
know and they work together right you
gotta find someone like that you gotta
find someone who who complements your
personality in a way yeah but it's just
like I don't know how you meet someone
like that when you're a girl comedian I
think women comedians it's a unique
requirement that you have for other
people because the thing where men
always want to be the center of
attention right the man wants to be the
Alpha they want to be the one who's
talking like clink-clink-clink ladies
and gentlemen we have you know Bob's
gonna give a toast here if you want to
be that asshole
and when you got a wife or a girlfriend
who's a fucking way funnier than you not
only she funnier than you she's fucking
funny professionally
yeah I'm funnier than everyone that
isn't a comic and then a lot of comics
do like it's like people like you need
to convene I'm like I'll be funnier than
two it's hard but it is hard and you're
so right about that like I see how much
pussy men get thrown at them doing
stand-up because even I get wet first
stand-ups like I know the tricks and
I'll be watching a guy with like killing
there's is there so much attraction when
you see an audience all like watching
this dude on stage and he's commanding
them with laughter and telling you know
controlling their emotions
you just get wet for
cuz you're like he's it's cavewoman
brain it's like he's our tribe leader
right he's the leader I need to fuck him
he's gonna protect me during wartime
like that's the difference in men and
women because men don't get that when a
woman oh yes bitch be in the kitchen
yeah I remember Theo von telling me
recently he was like I hated your comedy
and I'm like what why he's like I did
not like you when you and I go well I've
always been funny so I don't understand
in your commute your funny scene funny
nose funny he's like it wasn't that it
was just like your voice like reminded
me of like my mom or something is my
mom's always yelling at me and I was
like there it is he even was like I
can't believe I'm saying this to you and
I was like I like it because yeah we
remind you of your mom's female comics
if you've been an overbearing mom
telling you like it is what it is all
the time ladies female comics if I atom
an overbearing mother
so I empathize with that Theo is so
crazy it's all fucking crazy he's so
crazy
he's funny though he's just so
ridiculous ochio like I don't know
anybody that has his style even remotely
his style is so uniquely him it's so
hard to be that unique and you watch him
and you're like yeah this isn't
cultivated this isn't was it's who you
it's just who he is how he and he was
able to that's not easy to do as be as
funny as you are with your friends on
stage and he's worked really hard at it
and he's just he's nailed it man well
he's just I don't know he's just got
this thing that when he's funny like
like Brody had this thing like yeah like
if you wrote the things down that they
say on paper it's not funny but you see
them in person you fucking dying they
just figure out a rhythm of a rhythm of
comedy that just does didn't exist
before them yeah Brody is like it was
unfortunate with some of the clips that
were going around of him too like that
people saw for the first time where he
would do like late night he wasn't the
Brody that we all talked of as do you
I'm saying
well those late night spots never no one
understands you have to be in the room
first of all you have to realize that
this is a fucking two o'clock in the
morning set of a show that started at
8:00 p.m. yes
I mean
and also like and I don't know if you'll
agree with this but my take on standing
up is even anybody that's even the most
brilliant comedian when you watch them
on a special it's 70% as funny as if you
see them live
maybe always might be less might be less
maybe 60 you're nailing it yeah
I've never liked someone more on a
special than they've done than I've seen
them laugh possible when you're there
there's a crackling in the air when
someone's onstage is a feeling when
you're in the room with them and they're
saying it live like they're saying like
that part of what stand-up is is it's
happening right in front of you when you
watch a Netflix special you know that
shit took place in May like if someone
watches bang and I'm sure it's hilarious
yeah but you know it happened in May
you're not in the room it's a recreation
it's a recreation of something yes
you're so right I forget how great
stand-up can be sometimes to just watch
cuz I'm just I do my set and I leave but
sometimes you have to like hang out and
watch people it's so good good I still
love it you're always watching you're
good about that I've watched it and I
try to blow up people that are coming up
yeah up and coming yeah same yeah we
were watching how do you how do you
pronounce her last name Laura beets is
that a sailor I've never heard saw on my
Instagram page the other day me and
Kreischer we did a set in the main room
sold outside the main room and then how
do you say her last name
Jesus Christ she's funny though she was
performing in front of 12 fucking people
in the or and Burt and I said let's just
sit down and watch them company for a
while and she's murdering and Adam egit
had been telling me about Heights I'd be
Laura lar AEI TZ o bi TZ fucking murder
yeah he's a murderer and so while we
were on stay a while she was on stage
there's 12 people the audience and the
audience doubled during the time she was
onstage lar Wow eat itz i love it
I'm telling you the fucking plate we
were dying she was murdering and this is
what you did that louder dude
30 a.m. spot dude
I gotta see her she mean that's what the
comedy store is all about yeah it's like
one day you're gonna see that girl she's
gonna have a Netflix special and you're
gonna say I remember I was at the
fucking comedy store it was 1:30 in the
morning to show it like we're thinking
about leaving and this lady went up and
murdered Stan it was so great I'm so
lucky I stumbled upon it if you took
that clip and then made a video out of
it and put it on YouTube in a tiny
little screen you watched on your phone
like you're not gonna get the real
feeling that Burt and I got sitting in
the back of it you gotta go see comedy
live fuck yeah that's what basically
specials are right there like ads yeah
just we're showing people how good we
are so they'll come see us live yes but
ads are never as yeah it's never as good
as the movie it's I always tell people
to go to shows alone because I feel like
so many people miss out on going to see
comedy because people always why because
dude so many people aren't going to your
shows because they can't front and
friends to go and they feel like losers
if they go alone and really yeah a lot
of people don't do things like because
they think oh if I can't find a date or
I can't find that friend then I'm not
gonna go so many people miss out on
stuff and it's like I encourage people
go alone because I think it's so cool
it's also better because you want to
check in on whoever you brought with you
cuz I don't you just sir like I don't
want to go alone so you pick a bunch of
people that you're like or what if they
don't enjoy it you're checking in on
them and if you laugh too hard at
something that's that you're like oh no
they think I relate to that too much and
you're worried they'll time when you go
alone you're fucking free thinking too
much on behalf of people who are missing
out on shows because they feel insecure
about going alone go alone it's so cool
I've never thought that once you think
so much Joe Rogan I never thinking yeah
but I mean go by yourself no one wants
to go with you but if not go with your
friends but what if you don't have
friends get some friends no no no no no
some people don't have friends Joe they
should have friend they I know they
should make us some friends well I think
they should go to a show alone and make
friends with other people going alone
boy how do you find them maybe you try
to make friends with someone and they're
with
okay you fuck get away she's in the
bathroom yeah trying to make friends
with people that are with somebody else
and like hey man this isn't a place to
make friends
it's prays to see a show well my show I
just connected to people last night that
are going alone to my show you know who
has like the record of the most people
that buy single tickets he'll Marc Maron
oh that makes sense
totally makes sense yeah I want to
eclipse that's kind of alienated he's
that guy yeah he's alone in a shed
connects just can't he's not in the shed
anymore I got a new spot okay yeah
moving on up the Jeffersons but that's
that's a thing like like I've had people
say hey if I come to your show by myself
my loser Mike no I've kind of things by
myself yes go to things by ourselves Oh
wrong things by yourself but also find
some friends it's so hard some people
don't have friends you just need to do
something where they'll find car Madhuri
and what they do it's one of things
about jiu-jitsu that's really wonderful
is that people that do jiu-jitsu they've
they find friends that also do jiu-jitsu
you become friends with these people
that are new this difficult thing listen
I sold on jiu-jitsu I haven't met a damn
person who has tried it and doesn't
become obsessed with it yeah it's
awesome
and good self-defense for for the ladies
right very good for the ladies like the
best the best of all of them yes because
look how small your hands are yeah
you're not gonna punch somebody in the
face and hurt them now it's just two too
many men are too big too hard but you
can defend yourself with jujitsu you'll
you'll understand grappling and if you
get a hold of someone's neck you could
choke them unconscious really 1% yeah
yeah if I let you wrap your arms around
my neck and I show you how to do it I
don't resist you could put me to sleep
really Wow yeah legitimately especially
with your legs like women who know how
to use their legs correctly and they
learn how to choke people with their
legs a guy tries to get on top of you
you could strangle him yeah I don't have
any defense technique in my backpack
like I have nothing if a guy attacked me
a moyes just like well I'm just dead
like I need to learn something just be
annoying to start decorating him
then it it's working hahahaha that's
what I'll do I'll just start talking and
trying to psychoanalyze him you can be
like your only attacking me right now
because your mother didn't love you
enough and you hate women and I remind
you of your mom in some way that set you
off and now you're trying to raise if
you had a mic scale it now if you if you
go to a jiu-jitsu class yeah that's
where you'd meet a good guy I think so I
think I think secure that's what I like
about your sober October the challenge
to do a new class where you're like it's
not stuff it's made me not athletic
event adventure but you're like what are
you going to learn well yesterday we did
yeah we went Tommy and I loved your
caption about that it was really good
where you said like it's something where
I'm like I got I got a lot to learn I'm
gonna like it it was my first time even
shooting a pistol in more than 10 years
I mean I hadn't shot a pistol since the
last time I shot one on a on a range
which I think was about ten years ago I
shot rifles the last time I even shot a
rifle though it was a few years ago two
or three years ago yank so it was and I
mean obviously I'm a real beginner when
it comes to that and with pistols I'm a
super beginner I didn't know anything so
all these folks at this Tarrant tactical
place were showing Tommy and I how to do
it right and it's like it's it's a real
wake-up call like you really don't know
what the fuck you're doing and it's
something where there's a good giant
area that you can improve in yeah
knowing nothing like just I know how to
squeeze the trigger I know the site is
here you'll be lining it up pull the
trigger don't jerk the trigger just pull
it but learning it correctly from these
people and how to hold the gun correctly
to stabilize it and how you supposed to
stand and how you supposed to lean in
watching men and women do it correctly
and show you you're like oh okay okay
okay like woo this is good this is
something I don't know anything about
it's so exciting when you get like one
little nugget in it just all of a sudden
changes everything and you're like I
would have never figured that out on my
own with all with millions of years of
practic that's exciting so good yeah
jisoo's on it unlocks
an ocean of possibilities and you're
just getting your toes wet first day
you're like oh my god there's so much to
learn I'm going to a voice doctor right
now cuz I don't want to ruin not like my
instrument and which I'm now starting to
look at it as an instrument that I was
never taught how to play
I'm just freestyling on this fucking
saxophone you know like no one I've
never gotten less we don't get lessons
for our voice right right have you ever
taken any no it's a good idea though I
mean you talk so much have you ever lost
your do you lose your voice ever no okay
well then you're probably talking the
right way yeah but you probably scream
in a really efficient way or yell in an
efficient way I think you just have
strong vocal chords yeah I mean I'm
learning stuff that I'm like whoa I
didn't even know like there's three
places where your voice can come from
your throat your mouth and your nose and
I'm talking all throat and that's why
I'm getting polyps development I mean
I'm getting stuff growths on it cuz I
don't know how to talk and it's just my
vocal cords are slamming all day and
they develop calluses after they slam
and those are like the and I'm gonna
have to have them surgically removed I'm
gonna lose my voice if I don't they're
like you're here right in the nick of
time so I do voice exercises every day
and I'm loving it I started out to go
that's opening up your throat so your
vibrate and it's making you realize that
the vibrations in your face cause a lot
of your the sound so it's your nose and
your mouth that you can focus on
creating the sound that comes out of
your that makes your the air okay
[Applause]
then you go and you're supposed to make
your whole face vibrate feel it
right now people screaming they're
fuckin hating this and you should so
yeah just in my house going never Monday
number more mundane every Monday never
Monday that's still a little throaty
yeah yeah it's learning it's but it's
like I never thought about it this it's
changing everything do you know how to
play an instrument
no no interest none me neither I mean I
would like to know but if I did I would
get into it that's the problem
yeah and I don't have any time you don't
have any time know what feel like this
is a practical application for learning
how to shoot people
yes yeah he's probably good it's good
didn't know you're entertaining people
enough you don't need to add a guitar
well I just I don't I don't want to get
obsessed that's my you can't have
interest because you don't have time why
good because you'll get obsessed I'm
crazy like that's my crazy
I'm not I'm not a junkie like like you
put heroin in front of me I'm not have
no interest but if there's something
that's interesting it's hard to do the
problem is I get obsessed with things
like really obsessed where they it takes
over my whole day what was last funny
last one yeah bowhunting and you still
practice it all day I've got two ranges
in the studio yeah I've got a game out
there where have you seen the game then
techno hunt game now I'll show to you
okay studio there's a there's a fucking
archery game where there's a Kevlar
screen and I have these different broad
heads that are flat at the end like
that's a weird one right like is that a
negative some chicks love it it's like a
classic rod yeah it sounds like a
powerful 80s lady
yeah brats not like like what's that net
I mean other than like slit hole never
heard slit yeah you're just a couple
slits I've heard hole before that's what
opium used to call the girl who was on
the morning early because there was like
holes in the show because like when they
would talk the only reason why they were
there was there a woman yes someone like
we need a woman on the show said get
some check and she would just say I just
feel like you guys are not letting me
talk
and yeah Don shows whether the girl was
a hole yeah I have to bargain on shows
where the guy was a fucking hole oh yeah
there's a lot of just yeah holy shows
though shows are kind of dying I know
they're dying because of this because
there are more interesting people that
know how to make people laugh well
there's no reason to listen to them and
then every fucking 15 minutes there's
some new goddamn commercial for fucking
Toms dodge yeah you'd get so bored you
get so bored listen to the nail day and
you just sold me a dodge yeah but those
those morning shows you would go to
those shows and Shawn would be really
cool yeah you know some of them would be
awesome but then there was other ones
that you could tell they really wanted
to be a comic but they were scared but
they knew that you needed them to sell
tickets so they were kind of yeah with
you yes yes remember I go in I take
those shows over to show them how it's
done
I wanted to show your listeners what
real comedy is and what like actual
jokes are did you have to go to those
anymore do you still do those I still
love doing them I'm here I rely I'm a
morning person I get up I like to make
the rounds I like to go in take oh I've
learned from Bert Kreischer he was the
first person he was a headliner when I
was working with him as a feature act
back in like West Virginia that sorry
Virginia Beach funny boned
Dayton where else were we were all over
I was always working with him just
randomly Richmond Virginia he would take
me to radio which he did not need to do
but he was like you want to come
tomorrow and I'm like as a fee structure
and he would burn and I would just see
how he would walk in and take over a
show and make it his own and they
fucking loved him they and he would sell
more tickets because like it was just it
was so much and he was having fun doing
it and so when I do morning TV or do
radio I always just go I my freest self
and I feel like they're always like whoa
she's out of control cuz you say
anything on there and it's like don't
button you know yeah
yeah you just go in I go on TV shows
with no makeup I look like faces of meth
whenever I'm going onto my can market i
literally looks so disgusting I can't
care anymore because no one's watching
these morning TV shows right and I go in
with no makeup the lighting is so bright
everyone's wearing so all the women look
I look like a man because without makeup
on as a woman on TV look like a man and
you just do because women wear too much
makeup so by comparison you look like a
man and I just go in and sometimes I
just like to have an open sore on my
face like I just it's I feel so free
doing those shows III think I'll do it
as long as they they ask me really yeah
I like it when you selling out arenas
and should they be nerve and maybe just
some of my favorites like the good the
good ones but um but I get a kick out of
it I love radio Bert and Tom know how to
take over a morning show it was morning
TV shows yeah remember ever see Tom
would go on as this character DJ dad
mouth no yeah he would tell them that
he's Polly and bye
and he would wear sunglasses and fur
coats and would wear gold chains and
when he was so bored and the shows were
already sold out so they were making him
do these things because they had like
relationships with the local TV stations
and this is before he really blew up
from his Netflix specials because see
this is one DJ dad man has a big
announcement I love this and DJ dad
mouth does the weather he did it
everywhere and and the people that were
working these shows did not know what
the fuck he was talking about he would
say yeah I'm coming out as Polly I'm
Polly I'm coming out as non-binary that
is so you're right it's it's completely
out of boredom positions are so good fur
coat with the hood the giant rope chain
like that he had to travel with this yes
for this
and the fucking interviews were
hilarious because that is the lowest
rung of show business in terms of
competency yeah they are the least
entertaining people in all of show
business and they panic whenever there's
any fucking dead air they don't know
what to do he like he would say
something like oh it's so bad yeah it's
rough yeah that shit anymore I don't do
anything you don't do you know yeah you
don't why don't you go on talk shows and
some you just don't care no not too much
yeah nobody wants to know what my
opinions are I'm fucking singing them
constantly constantly I don't need any
more attention I want lesson two I would
need ten percent less attention okay new
question new new new direction okay
being famous going out places what's it
like for you is it what you wanted is
that what you expected you clearly there
was some part of you that wanted to be
famous at some point in your life I
think you want to be you guys cuz you
want to be successful
right you want like in the beginning
people are paying attention to other
people who aren't they paying attention
to me oh look Jerry Seinfeld's in their
own nobody nobody even cares if I'm
alive
I wish they cared that I was here yeah
yeah but then once I get it you like oh
then you lose your anonymity and then
it's weird
and then then people react to you
differently one things my wife said to
me I go I'll go back the guy seems like
a nice guy she goes listen everybody's
nice to you she goes you don't even
realize it like people I've see people
act like assholes to other people and
then you come in here and they act a
totally different person I love that she
said that she's hilarious my life says
some funny shit
she's funny than me like in terms of
like social situations yeah she's the
funny one because I'm not like I don't
treat my funny yeah but she does yeah
like she gets a kick out more in social
situations she'll have a couple of
drinks that she's the one yeah that like
takes over but she's she's just got good
timing like one time I'm I was going
through this period of time where I was
getting massages from dudes because
girls just are not good at getting into
the deep muscles yeah so I'd get these
deep tissue massages from dudes but you
know it was just funny we were staying
in a hotel I got a massage and I came
back upstairs I said fuck I left my
wedding ring back down there so I went
back down the locker-room you get my
wedding ring
and she was where was it in his ass it's
the way she said it like she was kid
like she was actually curious and then
she knows she got a zinger off oh good
then I'm dying laughing so she thinks
it's awesome yeah yeah she should she
noted like if you didn't know better
you'd probably think she's the comedian
yeah like when we're outside but that's
one of the reasons why it works yeah you
know but cuz you need a funny but she
doesn't want attention but she likes
being funny like with us she just likes
she just gets a kick out of it's fun
fern so yeah it's like she does want to
play tennis professionally but she might
want to play with her friends that's
partner for a comedian I believe but she
noticed is that people are nicer to you
and you I mean you have dealt you've
seen the shift yeah everyone's nice now
yeah suddenly yeah and it's not that the
world's just got nicer you've just
gotten more famous how do you do you
what what about when you're in public
and you find people like videotaping you
or like you can sense it when they are
away when you know the damn alarm people
do you say anything or do you just let
it go come on man I'm just a human dude
he's a human that more people know
that's it don't be weird
you know you want to take a picture we
take a picture together yeah don't don't
be just filming and pretending you're
not filming it's just too strange
like my friend Sturgill said that he's
on an airport and some dude was just
holding a phone up while him and his
friends were talking and he goes oh come
on man he goes hey it's the price you
pay he's like no not there's nothing
written anywhere price you pay as you
see me at Starbucks talking to my friend
you stick a phone in front of us and
film us what we're talking that's just
wheels yeah but it's just it's also that
it's so alien to some people to see a
famous person yeah one of the good
things about LA is they're used to
famous people there's so many famous
people out here you see them all the
time and it's like you get it you know
they're gonna be around so you're like
oh there's Nicky it's normal it's like a
safari right the animals are in their
natural habitat norm it is cool to see a
cheetah but there's others but if you're
in you know fucking Louisville and
you're walking around and you tried
to a bar it might get weird thanks
Michael Western yes and you've been to
Louisville in a bar yeah and you've had
to leave that bar yeah I've had a few of
those moments but most the time people
are just friendly you just shake their
hand and they're you know I have a like
the kind of fame I have is like people
know me it's a weird kind of Fame it's
like because of the podcast they know me
oh they know you so well it's not like
Daniel day-lewis where you have no idea
what he's like yeah I'm gonna go talk to
him right or what he sounds like I
wonder what he talks like it's a really
good point yeah they know you I mean I
even have had guys ask me out or fear or
like proposed that we should date
because they're like there's this one
guy recently who discovered me in one
day and he knew he was gonna see me that
night at the meet and greet at the show
and I think he had seen my roast kind of
went viral last week or two weeks ago so
we saw that he was like oh my god she's
in Irvine tonight and he he bought a
meet and greet ticket and he listened to
me all day he was like I listened to you
on Rogen for three hours then I listened
to this podcast I mean he was listening
to me all day so for him we spent it
whole day together right where I was
telling him all my deepest insecurities
I mean I get real on these things and
people feel connected to you and then he
comes to the meeting great and his
energy is so strong and like we should
be together type enter like he didn't
say that but he's just like it just you
could I just go this guy's spend all day
with me and I don't know him at all and
I knew that going in and he and I kind
of just like shooed him out like we took
a picture it was nice but I was like
good he came the next night again cuz
you could tell he went home and was like
I blew it my one shot and he bought a
meet-and-greet again which I'm like you
said through the show again it's the
same fucking show and he had a second
chance and he tried to touch me like low
on my weight and I just took his hand
like get up no but it feel they feel
like they know you but that's a weird
thing when someone tries to touch you
low in your waist like right by your
butt and they can't wait oh that's your
butt let me just touch the top of her
butt
I'm I'm I'm grateful than anyone even
thinks I haven't asked worthy to touch
because I have such a flat ass so when
it does get touched I'm kind of like
flattered but don't do it I don't like
it it Eltham Utley makes me feel not
good at all it lead I mean my friend
Andrew will be watching me because it's
happened so many times where guys
casually just put their hand on my ass
when they're
taking a picture right and it's and no
one ever sees it I'll have security
guards like watching it'll be like we
just watch four men touching me in weird
places cuz it's always weird for me to
call out because it's like in front of
their wife and I don't wanna embarrass
them and making a thing right so I just
go like I'd rather someone else call it
out and security guards will watch and
I'll be I'll walk up to him and be like
did you not see that guy they're like no
I was watching I'm like it's so stealthy
and subtle the the way that a guy can
put his fing
this is what they they do your back and
then when they're done with the picture
they'll just go like like their hand
will like oh I'm just my hands just
gravity and it'll graze your whole
backside and what it does it's just like
god man you don't respect me I just was
onstage you paid to see me you had to
sit and be quiet the whole time I
demanded a sort of respect in that
moment and you've just taken that from
me it just makes me feel gross I don't
know if it's that they don't respect you
is that they're trying to get away with
it they think like oh just maybe she
won't even know so I just let my hand go
limp and just go down I thigh but they
don't they want me to notice so I'm like
I don't know maybe depends on the person
yeah it's but it happens all and with
women it happens a ton women definitely
like you know grabs me older ladies that
are drunk yes
older ladies of junk will just grab my
ass I've had like not okay late forties
ladies get a couple of pops and I'm
ladies night out they were hot in their
20s they were like the type of girl that
like yeah I see if I feel them feeling
my back they literally squeeze okay like
a horse like checking checking the meat
stop it ladies it's not okay for you to
do two men I know it's not the same let
me say something cuz it's gross
basically threatening women it's grab my
hey get out of my ass but it's not like
any man with their musculature at any
size could really overpower me I'm a
weak I'm a tall woman but I'm a weak
woman so any man touching me is like
it's a threats a threat it is a threat
not the same with women and men but
still get the fuck off men women I'm
sorry well it's just people are just and
that's another thing about drinking you
know people get drunk and they make
stupid fucking choices that they never
make if they were sober even smart
people smart people with five drain
stupid oh they're so stupid no I wanted
a smart person five drinks and I'm like
who the wrong fucking thing like weird
fucking secret desires that never get
revealed all sudden come popping up yep
they start making out with guys whoa yes
yeah everyone's dumb at seven drinks
everyone I think no one's better two
drinks and more like maybe men cuz you
have a little bit more tolerance but
it's around two drinks where I'm like I
love a person up until two drinks
they'll get better and then after two
drinks I'm like they're slow they're
slow they're loud they're close to your
face
would you prefer for drinks or cocaine
see I haven't take four drinks over coke
every day that well tell me that tell me
why because I guess I'm not around
enough cokeheads they talk too much
mm-hmm they talk too much they want to
get really close to you and they want to
keep talking they talk fast
adderall people I think it's always
about them the thing about speed
amphetamines it's it's you're it's
always a self-serving conversation it's
always about you so it's about what
you're gonna do it's always about who's
fucking you over and you know who's
keeping you from doing this and you're
gonna do that and you're gonna you know
this cuz you're smart and everybody else
is stupid but you're not but that's
that's coke talk did you do ever do
could you never me me there never did it
I got lucky I knew I had a good buddy of
mine his cousin sold it I watched this
whole life fall apart he's doing coke
constantly he lost a shitload of weight
and I'm ever thinking oh my god oh you
got bit by a vampire like this guy got
infected and you're like no so scared of
it a few people in my neighborhood would
do coke and they it always went bad it
always went bad yeah so I just I
recognized that real early I was like
that's a bad one
I did it one time with Doug Stanhope
Paulo I didn't mean to but I was just I
really didn't mean to
was it the Kansas City Stanford in sons
and Kansas City that place you have to
do coke there I think it's part of the
contract I all all week I didn't talk to
Doug I was so scared of him I was
emceeing I was in college still and the
last night Saturday night after the Late
Show he had
like his whole entourage back to his
hotel room to hang out I was invited I
went just sitting quietly in the corner
and he has a bunch of coke on the desk
that he's doing but and no one else is
really doing it they're just kind of
watching him do it and then he gets a
call from the front desk that's like hey
your cars here get an early morning
flight and he's like I'm not taking this
with me did does anyone does anyone want
it and I was like I'll bring it back to
my friends at college like that's a lot
of coke and like me I'll sell it I don't
know what's coke were you talking about
it was like a pile of it what'd it look
like the pile like describe it like a
golf ball yeah golf ball okay like yeah
that's a lot and um I was like I'll take
it and he was like okay and he hands me
a rolled up dollar bill and I was like
oh he thought he meant now and I was
like twenty and insecure and wanting to
be cool
says I have what's that's if you have
any excuse do it and so I did it and
then I went home and fucking clean my
apartment did you yeah I went home and
cleaned and like wrote an essay that I
needed to write and I was like shit's
good Wow but you know it's just like
doing Ritalin and Adderall wrong you get
shit done but you're there's a price
yeah it's not good you're it's a b-minus
of a paper whenever I like have
something you know I've taken an
activity yes yeah it's gonna suffer Joey
Diaz who used to be a big cokehead one
of things he said he goes there's no
soul in what you said it was when he
doing coke there's no soul in it yeah
yeah because it's all about you like you
said it's just empty why yes it's weird
it's weirdly disconnected you know like
you know the movie showgirls mm-hmm one
of my favorite movies yeah yeah that's a
coke movie like you could tell the
people made that what we were doing coke
yeah it's a ridiculous movie like who
the fuck greenlit this thing who say yes
they were doing coke because that was
the 90s and then the 90s a lot of people
did coke it was a coke movie yeah I I
think I mean it's just my opinion or
maybe I'm wrong what was the last second
Alec trip you had any I did mushrooms
couple months ago yeah that was fuckin
awesome
where'd you do him um did him with Ari
on the show we did did him during a
podcast really yeah and do you guys
start tripping during the podcast yeah
yeah we're having fun what is what is
sound like it was great broadcast was
great we didn't take too much but yeah
we took enough and what like you know no
one can tell when you're on them like
you can still function normally yeah I
mean it depends on how far you go please
you guys are so funny yeah you can go
down the rabbit hole though okay I mean
you can go down the rabbit hole and be
incoherent mm-hmm
mushrooms er its dose-dependent I mean
what you're doing is like you're getting
you know you take a little bit you're
like shaking hands with the Angels but
you're not going to heaven
you're not going to visit them you're
like hi how are you oh my god you're so
wonderful but you're not like riding on
their wings going going to the other
dimension but if you take enough that's
where you go if you take enough you're
not talking to anybody
and have you done Alice T yes and good
yes
great experience yeah you had a bad
experience on that no no but I took it I
took it later in life I don't think it's
I think most of these psychedelics where
you have bad experiences what you're
having is your own psychological dilemma
and then your battle with whatever the
the drug or the psychedelic is trying to
do to you versus what your ego is trying
to control and keep it from happening I
mean I've seen a lot of people have bad
trips on some of the worst trips I've
ever seen people have was from edible
pot edible pot is one of the strongest
things that people don't recognize
mm-hmm it's it's a very different drug
than smoking it and when you know you
when you think of things that can take
you down the rabbit hole
you don't think of edible pot people
think of pot is just like oh you're
gonna get a high maybe you can get too
high but you're just getting high but
boom when you eat it it's a completely
different animal yeah literally like
physiologically it's a different now
really yeah it's it creates something
called eleven hydroxy metabolite that's
five times more psychoactive than THC
and what it's like not even psychoactive
in smoking it it's a different drug
feels different totally different drug
that makes complete sense yeah that's a
different drug it's processed by your
liver
something called the one pass it passes
through your liver and the THC gets
processed into eleven hydroxy metabolite
Google it's trippy shit I have way
stronger lights turn on some micro dos
versions of mushrooms that I have to add
two of them and they were it was great
it just made things a little bit
brighter
have you ever microdose yes you know
does it all time hey white oh really
Ron white so micro dosing motherfucker
yeah cuz I'm on this new drug it's
called mushrooms and I just take a
little bit every day woah yeah I know a
lot of people to do that yeah a lot like
dozens dozens of people who microdose
including fighters I know a lot of
Fighters and microdose yeah I forgot
today was even on any I was like I was
just like oh this room looks like cooler
yeah
just feels like oh yeah I ate that
little piece yeah you just feel a little
better and you're like what is all I
took mushrooms yeah I forgot yeah did
you hear that uh re spike Bert's drink
with Molly what they did a podcast
together and re dumped Molly into Bert's
drink wait is that why Bert's wife isn't
talking RN exactly wait that's what wait
one podcast in his house in Bert's house
what family are you so crazy I don't
trust him for a second I'm so scared of
Ari Shaffir he's fucking crazy I've seen
him just like ax ask about my life and
be like interested now like open up to
him and then he'll like use it against
me later on I'm like this guy
yeah he'll just like store up things use
it against not using mom to be funny
hmm I think he's evil mm didn't gorgeou
fear is secretly evil secretly evil yeah
I think you know yeah I do I think he's
a good I like him but I don't trust him
because I because he spiked Burke he
gave his friend Molly that's not okay
it's not okay but wait that's hilarious
though that's what I do like about
already dude they were both on Molly
because I already took it himself again
the podcasts going on at Ari starts
dance and he's like sort of dancing and
move in and births like what do you want
Molly are you a member it's like what
and then all of a sudden and then he
realizes like what's going on he
realizes and ours are gonna put some in
your drinks like oh he's home with his
family
okay I kind of want Ari to spike my
drink and I want that to be asked you
don't you do Molly are you it Ari no do
it not do it again trouble I'm giving
you consent to do it to me in a sneaky
podcast hmm I think they'll be so fun
I always Joe that's my thing I need an
excuse to be bad like that's why I like
bondage it's like oh no like I can't do
this like I'm forced to do this dirty
thing hmm I don't really want to do this
but you're making me that's why it's a
Dancing with the Stars I'm like you made
me wear this swimsuit on TV I can't not
be a slut
what's the shoulder thing it's just like
helpless slut like I need an excuse to
be bad to be what I really want to be
which is high slutty yeah and mean like
the most gross excuse to be mean it's
excused to be evil I had to do these
drugs too
what am I gonna go to a roast and
compliment everyone I can't do that no
they're so there's always there's always
I had to I get it I get it
well you just gave Ari the excuse and
believe me he's gonna capitalize on it I
really do want to do Molly I feel like
I'll just do it with him not with him I
would do it someone recommended him to
be my shaman on a trip and I was like
what the fuck I don't trust him to be my
shaman who could trust
Alaska he's gonna die Alaska
well whatever so maybe mushrooms was
like so I was like trust him for that
meet me up that mountain okay look you
could trust ari Ari was just mad at
Burton it's not logical it's not tenable
I don't I don't agree with no he's mad
at birth that the whole reason why we do
sober October was we were trying to get
sober and Bert was you know we were
worried about his health like yeah yeah
Bert's ridiculously overweight and he's
also on high blood pressure medication
but yet he still drinks every fucking
night really this is crazy man like you
got to stop doing this and so the
original reason for sober October was to
try to sober Bert up it started off four
years ago there was a weight loss
challenge between Tom and Bert and
during the whole weight loss challenge
Bert kept drinking this is how fucked up
he is he's trying to win this big thing
and at the end of it he only fell short
by a few pounds but he was drinking the
hotel couldn't help the whole time yeah
so then the next year we were like okay
we got to figure out a way to get Bert
sober let's do this let's let's even go
sober for the whole month of October and
berbils would walk who he was hemming
and hawing I didn't want to do it I said
I'll do it too we'll all do it will all
be sober so that's what kicked off sober
October number one that was three years
ago we and we just said we've made a
challenge we're gonna be sober for the
whole month and we're gonna have to do
15 hot yoga classes which is fun it was
good yeah and you know Bert did it he
had no problems he was sober for the
whole month and he actually did get
healthier and he looked better but then
the next year got too crazy the next
year we decided to have a fitness
challenge god that was so insane that
was crazy that was hard to watch I was
crazy watching you guys just give up
your whole lives give up those points
yeah seven hours a day I was doing I
mean I talked about that one day that
you'd like your heart rate was at
maximum it was an 80% heart rate max for
five hours yeah it was more than that
because I got a you get one minute for
one minute at 80% of heart rate you get
one point and I had 1,100 minutes for
the dude yeah yeah I mean that's torture
I'm so glad you guys pulled back this
year it was so crazy so I was obsessed
it's Bert getting sober is this working
no no no Brice sure he shouldn't be
drinking at all no I mean that high
blood pressure shit is no joke that's
how people get strokes yes you really
shouldn't be drinking at all but
he did cut back on sugar and he said he
had lost what do you say he lost like 20
20 pounds something that Christ can do
anything yeah I can really do anything
he needs to stop drinking yes he does
but he loves drinking any alcohol on
stage of taking a shirt no he loves
being the life of the party but I don't
want to lose the life of the party
because I know we're enabling this like
a party but see the thing is that party
thing that he does like it's sort of
dependent upon alcohol like that's part
of the image that he's created and we
talked about in the podcast the other
day that Kinnison had the same problem
they would just lay these giant lines of
coke oh it's ham it's ham lay that coke
out like to the point where like no one
can yep bert goes into a town and isn't
down to drink and that's the hole and he
invites the audience to go out with him
after the show and they all drink
together and he's doing double so she
sees having double Tito's and he's
drinking like fucking 20 drinks a night
I can't believe how much he's able to
accomplish with his drinking habits
amazing it's think of what do you be
able to do without it I don't know if
that's the case no but half of what he's
accomplished he's accomplished because
of his stand-up and half of his stand-up
is his partying yeah it's like he's he's
a funny guy he would always be a funny
comic oh like whether or not he can
accept that without the alcohol whether
or not he can embrace that without the
alcohol he's not an alcoholic in the
sense that he's not addicted to alcohol
because he did quit two years in a row
for a whole month without a problem he
really did do it right and you know he
said it's not a big deal he was I miss
it I'd like to like to have a drink but
I'm okay yeah so he's not like he didn't
get the shakes and his I'm fucking it's
like I'll just was telling him not to do
it yes I college oh really it was like
this is probably not the thing for you
to quit drinking it was like my fucking
trick told me to stop it's not to stop
yeah which is crazy but I just you know
I reasoned cuz quitting drinking for me
it felt like so much of my identity to
drink and I talked about it on stage I
mean it wasn't anywhere as wrapped up as
Bert isn't it but he's had enough fun
you've had your whole life of doing this
you've been the
since no no no no he's just starting to
kill it he's selling out theories often
right he's doing great right now any
specials elevated him all of his
Instagram stuff every time we do these
sober October things he sells way more
ticket I know it's would be funny no
matter what yes he's a comic everybody
who's funny is funny no matter what
they're so scared
you think if I get on Zoloft if I was
talk to someone about my issues if I
conquer my if I talk about the anger I
have towards my father what am I gonna
be funny on the other side of it yes
you're funny you're comic it's a
profession it's gonna make you it's it's
one of the rare professions we think
you're dependent upon certain substances
yeah but we do know people that got
sober and then got boring that's true
too
you didn't yeah you pulled it off but
there are people that got sober and then
they started to suck really yeah that's
quite a few but then there's also people
who get sober and got even better like
Dave Attell yes Dave Attell sobered up
his fucking joke writing just kicked
into another level yeah cuz he got
addicted to writing like he just
funneled it all you also get all that
and more bandwidth yeah more energy yep
Nikki Glaser's we gotta wrap this up
haibach already that crazy suspense self
we just bang now three hours of talking
crazy it flies by um tell everybody
you're special banging Netflix how do I
get a hold you on the Instagram and on
the Nikki Glaser on Instagram I have a
radio show on Sirius XM every morning
Monday through Thursday 10:00 to 12:00
Eastern on Comedy Central radio so if
you have serious or a rental car check
that out and I have a podcast of the
radio show that comes out every Friday
you up podcasts and I'm going on tour
banging out tour starting January
through the spring tickets on presale
now use code bangin for special pricing
and like my first theater tour alright
dude with that thank you thanks Joe
always a good time always
bye everybody
[Applause]
[Music]